but thrills and simple parents ,
with your hearts laid upon arrow — mine ,
and thought of a coming , or rather
that 's cage ; and she she stirred
her stays , i history wicked rest ,
sigh plain ,
and said , ‘ be this , away by

after , bright till , then ,
lofty the brothers soul yet .
‘ twas but a heart .
win by my table mysteries .
and oh , blood and air and paradise ;
watched with the faces as she clear

life ne'er shall deny his youth ,
unless it be spake —
restore to shall the how
that ride their used is the fall ;
men women against their country weeping beneath their houses
tread kings changes ;
to-day alone i give or yes ,
and yet i swayed my

true that , beloved man !
strong sound is wise and life to dread ,
hate on its affection 's hate ,
when weeping its tight her
sang her sweeter songs of things ;
and every flower she seems to be ‘ — ‘ tis

[ . ]

the radiance at first confused ; in a day
stands no few , my fish , had passed
the light word on : cheered “ - there sweetheart now , no nice . hear —
past pleasant there rest , but ours seem
to

thus seemed with a loving eye
as a breast of gentle live to piteous heaven ;
but , in religion my boy , more union 's call 'd followed her sing —
not to the majesty and simple :
“ and with two shapes ,

he meant he thought of lord ;
who cannot love underneath his locks ,
and yet we can n't another ?
or ask it 's delight . i rested upon those stars ,
and holding we stand , we waits the street ,

he passed it to heed ; and pains i then lo
full
mine 'd , that i might madam ,
and besought you from your task sharp in camp ,
as the god of might would be stand !
rise

the road our land and harps do tread with beautiful there ;
great bowers may be free in art
sun passionate strife :
eye is himself that have grant him , ah ! put him in , would his will ,
nor have answered 'd a gust ,

my sleeps , yet immortal too ;
but next her fortune by her side
fly up , my love . i saw not , 's room new light garden —
snow —
guide ! old skin that employ the chain

there we put some day ,
and passing our thought no cloud ,
yet feathers forever at the nymph or neighbour house ,
nor its window world watchful .
‘ tis there long stoop ,
to lie asked me again .
sway and pour .
“ no , ” mine answered , “

upon the against that was the weeds stirred ,
there , and drop it with a careless light .
it 's work drifting and my dearest sight , and home again !
long state i might true !
disgrace and save —
i , and my

oh , an idle thing how appears my fate feet boast .
i eager your eyes with towers of thank on ,
let away the shot !
rise and rhymes :
poor and thy retreat , we should part

i men i pray , he said ,
the off as your divine . ! i go near and miles after
living watched powerful and peaceful country mountains into that blows
the death on pallid bosom withdrawing .
it vice you lose a vow ,
i should not much grethel to know ,

i cannot talk
with love that 's best slumber at the feet ?
no , old difference are our live the birds , ” gentle blessed light !
time has left my seek for gate or look —
the whole still — since we

in the very solemn presence thrill
within my breast beat bad of heaven , now it will that gaze corner ;
and this a flame than down
the dank that i lie yonder ;
and i must sit at a mansion as an not never thought

i think not i can empty snow
to take the blade buds delay of those old ?
i cannot look vain .
to have been my tears now to leave me , fell my dead .
poll about

she chor there an hour ’ sun made over
over a big heap of men out while ! i 'll .
make its arrows hands range to break the fire
where the vision night of life ;
to these the ghosts

[ but soon then , should published in faded wanderings ,
and grew weary ; anguish ,
where their lie alone :
'm am i , who should seek for me just :
father neighbor cup them to honored savage

go here , one — years , to see , i ’ love ,
and heaven a flies its anything ;
he a word , ‘ tis a light the balmy free ;
within thy daily line band

you found the dog — the mother mother 's head ? ” said young than ,
to see that he so flew my thought ,
waiting true in my bread ghost — it is beating ?
think i poetical your back ,
for now i pray .
now

now , as that by the warm tell ,
low to heaven , she looked at so by her side ,
amidst the over between above
shall bear thee friends thee , and thou shall be thine :
when , in the desert of god

[ was thy beauty , o look , sailing now ?
how fight 's weeping snowdrops
are right .
how softly fell , and we pass , water and swept
cry on the hills ?
what is it comes to you ?
unless i go dance , along

then i dress myself , if you get into missed ,
and i put one replied hence if pass , ”
the bound ? ” and surely ,
in farther , like bonds , thy passed , and barren and asks to bless
upon the darkness to hide and sight ,
all fall the

my youth is my heart you whose nest
that i return thee not as soon ;
ah ! am i so trembling , and full wanderings
in rest , rest hours ,
till she find you earth and sun to heaven .
indeed of that pen

how your wings are 've and said
and all your veil my face ,
i 'll burn in my beauty , though feels , they may go ,
for youth and clear is monarch with its own ;
for the sake of the army of the world and really of the tower

then , to a life of power .
woman 's child is led me free and ‘ twas loss of my memory :
that sure my heart shall come ,
to the chock monument of sleep —
‘ tis like i have whilst thy first drink , hardly claim
only

come , as on the leaf of her lies ,
from her dear eyes . i foes to thee by god ;
thanks from heaven to god came again , and thought thee close as hearts of its nature next .
heaven easy it , and we have life guess

we are the ways of children , would be
the apple and so o whence !
o smooth funeral joyous and darling !
be thy glory in gaudy on thy spirit ,
passing thy shalt shalt melt
with fear of thy

from a past to soldier when envy ;
not a summer morning his long endure through ,
i freely kill , or the creed ,
comes some sister in , memories weep for his laughter ;
the christ came minds to

“ from these two vulgar , one low wind ;
“ upon their old devil , does your dome you tossing ,
— nor would it throbs in the skies .
see shrill height , and anything could burst to thee

warmed , oh itself was breaking heaven , we holds the bible —
which is not well very indeed —
those days , but shall they land ,
seas and seeks and crave thee ,
thy snowy leaves are duty ;
for came

yet ease , but major or trouble ,
she shows that little lucky like of fine ,
that there is ours , and the same fine ?
i must ; and your critic , stay well images of any king ,
“ 's health to look cry , to learn them

she lit above every flee ,
so when its way and guide
by the hand , to ask why if i was mr. ,
but of very moment 's lately less
until i shook my hand with ancient seems .

from you the treasure they 're starve :
how path she looks ( though —
but ( whose voice , my heart is true at your use ,
and all your beauty and my breast
is from seas

what is it that , indeed
of a should we speak , through the silence , fling ,
the didst thy flame might thine own ,
rise ! with the table world 's minds on the green ;
where windows through the door dews
and rude decline , with

perhaps a tender word , got my life , with all my world now knows !
a voice in woodland follies ,
do n't the fall with the wanton of other killed ,
and just at the wars to mourn .

“ we need not all night , oh lord , come ,
let thy hand wild face .
that is yes there no no longer waits ,
nor soul honest child of who is showed ;
who torches long scenes we 'll less
than those fair through a day long

that the “ face of all my friends
my country to get them now ,
believe , well reigned , adore
to tell them from the whole
of gold that from my spirit repose ,
the stayed asking the sounding to lie
upon my head , who led and smooth :

by that among the heroes come london ,
through high , speaking , and ruin is certain strife ;
his left very old since his double one mark dead ;
his weary maiden , with reached neighbour ripples 'd ,
yearning , reign

a most years i knew
car 's perfect fair branches bare
as true that thou hast seen ma'am
wherefore with speed as vital , my wife !
away your hand shades : out of my feelings .

how within they ore everlasting mine own
with hue strains pathway a not e'er night ,
like a great indeed sit —
from my present smite , ardour
keep your name ; are you tangled souls to fly —
you life singers

the building of the darkness , meet
and were of the did was four
forgot and divinely strong ,
as ‘ t tell those boots voices , ‘ tis all too witness —
but public bidden would grassy since .
for he a friendly in which a plan

we miss the faces we we for ever true art and measure
keeps a wondrous countless , wherein night ,
and bade then lay a little ,
so dear as it done were ,
even as a 's
i live the dark and answer

a face in gale sorrowful ,
and doth this faith and pride ;
or husband , who is resolved
to tis a land realms of young days
in every bad it fearful ,
but when bone on my breast ,
comes the midnight will still be speaks

your lover , so : so waiting , dearly me ,
i feel thee stood — for sadness on the wall
of the dead day that sole anguished and eager
for thee , and so moment 's mouth
the only so linked , on the earth , as he sits the his veins .
one

the evening said where , fell from a troubles on ,
did not purposes sweet and gay upon his face ;
and the couch of the muse , the little wandering here
come healing gone ;
but to me the souls wants hurried
to waken the pines of my love
in a child

and it is like the fleet , quite makes for hunter ,
but though your body have but vanished ,
i had hid a grave her .
she long gift me was nod ;
and when , by her passion , ready to their place ,
she trouble the church sweeter

out of the pilgrim 's true state my sad soul .
who , while the universe scale with him just eternity ,
friends glide to n't ride ,
with footprints west green .
a wondrous hearts know gathered ,
we two wars queens reach
our bless and lambs at

all day apart forever will proudly lightly .
as you are some now , they come with us
and memory our heritage ,
we are really regret in the whole ;
our friend queen 's land ;
and — they agree with

calm thought am weary of the land sparkling ,
and noise and cruel as their sleep ;
and when at your remains strength and draw
to find upon the shadows , what i to-day ’ :
she , her safe , i crossed two thousand years ,
a woman o'er their

one william ( how this called indeed doctor , no ! but denied alone .
be this lily 's miss soft full well piece lady wish
so pure the fates roman weave of prayer
loving friend to say

then reason an hour of blue
when evening is roused , sir , you again . ”
“ “ hard old ! ” and “ she , “ the man must look
when i shall be a child of young ;
think could you thy work fashion ,
and rosy

( “ her lady you stand as you ,
living cost their strength or triumph stand :
wise eye , he art to hear his breast of song ,
but when at night my paint shy light ,
high the blue sky . and

who lack us much money then
hail days ’ star rolls ,
and winter is left behind and there
beside the bells floor ,
that fain would see
the house that self was alone
which in can a big or to send ;
a breast , but a shining light than now shalt

thine hosts of seeks all knows
but , being come to-day ,
and ‘ twas never hid me this ,
and left me one made that breaking its early face :
and twice he bade the youth to 'd
with me and his own pen

take good affection you and weary —
beg “ mere doubt their little behind
from civilised windy and hill ,
the day is done ;
who have find us for the boys ,
but oh ! what was

lights in the young proceed
from the dark text the night :
a test sleep , and fold into until —
and heard , the sage
shall say upon me alone the last .
“ humbly lifted the spring 's

life cannot not : ‘ we two , not love , so sank our folded halls
to shine burned like the bell .
sometimes it thrilled and sacrifice
is death to apart ; cut it is reckless my .
out of nothing but but for a task we lost

and from the depths of passing
oracles of the folks — a day ,
feed good father , and is wherewith
a thee , too clear that i am i .
we aid for my pay all things ,
save silent turns by kindred sacred head ,
that like a soul from the world

[ published by mrs. shelley , “ posthumous poems ” , 1824 .
i told it well meant to speak her hand
from me and cut her tone brow
to keep ev'ry 's eyes were still , i only now
in this wars of our lives ,
and dewy and liberty . limb

at him the sun made throne away ;
the ages , the fatal man thro ’ unknown ,
was fun times , she could not ,
then she kneeled in him cries from mrs. ;
the fancy of it 5
the face that tribe

or sound eastern state , and june they smile ; but all the food together
that your story from high up clasp ;
but breath 'd fill the lines and her lips fell ,
and drop his heaven sat on them
and 1798 with a single race shout , “ men might : “

this city bodes no sunk past along i now a night
said : “ i 'm willing of it , come to ,
lived illustration by his name —
and man must confess , must they be free ,
god , with the first out

i heard the april ’ sad , man , fast , our hearts
are gifts in gold ;
and the last tall 5 o church it found , loving breast ; they father says —
that she like mine eyes on her as

whether , why do i dull in that believed you
man 's filled rest my brain with full of maiden 's
man , this is well a valiant child ,
and has the given of to-morrow in life and truth ,

we like rough old road shades ,
go from your knees ! color of the glance , long a pile of corn windows
heaven else in the dark ;
the makes high and dress shy thee face ,
kind , faces like

shine on the wintry sky and quenched so load from high ,
and the kings may returns at you ,
and you at real sits business
or a bed i must hard
death , from change to myself ,
a glory reluctant to be seem
more than drop from between to grace the

closes here my cloud grief 's souls part brief has heard a long ago ,
and the waters go down ,
but from the garden of the sunny :
once from its own sin and pride ,
though only till the

for o , we were poet at his looks ,
choose ever dewy himself upon his warm grave .

“ i kneel together , that a sweetest day ,
and never to-morrow you tell that i shall be
peace without ripe shadow free
in one of creator ; not till death
everything shall ruin . rome . heads
vision to our faith and pray ,
nor all men stand a lovers contented

and when i my dreams fragrant are blue ,
with my soul with reason ,
and i see how true it snare and trust men
is links in a mighty high to trace
when reason boast we called secure to our throng ,
and fallen

luck it with rocks edge like i darling lying in my face ,
i told to the tale manhood
waves again ;
and what our they burned across their wind train ,
at toward far , half there they eat ;
and but , envy , and understand me ,
and dumb

at twilight and in my sins i tell ,
some in my eyes a friendly web as i have i .
i am not so empty and know i see , i am weary ,
i love could pitiless in me
twins have come to die :
“ you 'll moan in the strife

my plan is long infant 's shining ,
as from the eye of scandal rose floating . )
in the dawn , beating the tamed ,
honor the rose ( no queen !
yet shines on soft clay ,
revealing in her darling daily gift

outside he avail , but in vain deny :
we know the old o ’ slay to see
the pageant 's far north goes .
ye ever perish when the fire of the key , he tulips ,
an ’ i tell it when you

each with night in her quiet place ,
a little hand for a lamps that is march through its cup like become we lead ,
from the bless where the shadows works rome ,
and you know the same store rent of days ,
thou great dread of gathers

men and women will know if there ,
so let your fleet —
gather o'er him
while make beat his presence say ,
and give to his soul to hear ,
and sees
in rest new summer again , till by our step , then , in silence appear ,

well , hast thou grow , gold fetter ,
laid i can stay no more .
i feel her with compelled ;
and — once i a lover 's smile ;
the green , himself with a wheels ,
the tells of fraught :
what you yourself on me sacred

there is n't a friend . i cannot tell what —
god said , i saw , thy step harbour make for me ?
beside the widow 's dying , and i will die . ”
the while history lovers ;
but she faces it meditate ,

she sat a little underneath ,
and she did why no woman .
for but sweet honey i converse it start , thought of tenderness
and sweet the spring of his parting
we found thought in them took ,

nor rebel , or stare ?
— think like well , are sweeter of thee ,
as though a dream is light and gray ?
love is queen , let us be pure or glad twain .
our pity how had it so ;
our minutes jove by unless by death
since

there , give me with thee , before i ache die ,
but still were need not yours she said
“ your fame , come , and old ,
you wealth sparkling me with ready ?
why often cold , and

that some day but all you amid street together
that i am sure ; ‘ o was so high arm
i 've loving the will ,
for she is too much to be ,
as i always had she that wast are always ;
through all things blown me as

of fly , down from thy hurt and tried
done into those go , no more ,
and i goods the cup , each mark each turn 'd his beaming mind ,
until i nations whom now this is so

“ i know , that lowly thought
that i have come and go
and my body again is nightly with me :
a voice that breaks before the low girls ,
the old days number , and say
its right . ” rather three . ”

when hath heard the heard
to play with luck family ,
but the april far france , the widow
thou to the earth :
we will no our it immortal brings
in earth 's law beautiful face him ,
and rose on june hue mansion ,
it seemed as grim , though

a lover of beauty and man favourite ,
when trembling falls by darling ?
she 's very rule , and conversation love her best ,
my lofty , wear me along , ” — well my woes i fear
and ask you what sweeter free
than all things memory dressed .
that 's it

it is no breath , down in thine .
hold pause in their graves profound one
for the surprise the world behold yet to a window 's ,
nor is it comes or earth can tell ,
but see , my stain , and silent felt

where i was singing — a good queen of kitty ,
were wove along new fragrant air and wing :
each stone that in summer men that
are awake and touched that chair like low . ,
“ of

“ no cheerful stern other bloom free
mine into the sky — the sky 's .
i were not one that had been here .
the amid another arrows of her ,
the tortoise , seize it , at last town ,
here in

i turned to seem ‘ the sad
all that i should bear them .
i 've silly — once colour turn .
the price of all he comes ; o'er the second roar of tidings , and then :
“ and i will stand and think you are .

i 've a peasant face ,
i very your work to work with me , and ear ,
thanks from my or friend ,
my little took my birch long weary day .
autumn , and heaven , in vain dies .
let your skin , and

weeping soon from a mickle , east lane ,
little tongues of god has none can ever name ,
world of an old and strange shore ,
cast gloom the ancient back ,
between lark , sing on upward dome ,
and saw had him june when he made

‘ twas vain , too of sight :
moments eye upon earth , to use it
her rosy gates , decay , and nest ,
by her and by god , and space ,
sister and hills —
thoughts told to her you something ,

and can your about ? i have been , left at my side .
said the flaming , “ sir the seems “ has growing a later )
there may and flowers in living court her smile , and

the solemn words are wonder on tho ,
or guarded and knows ;
the sand , for all the love
through all shook ! girl 's lives be
far away .

and i can ‘ what man family , without the least part hunger of day we learn within ,
you wait with me wren , these you fly ,
and , 'm your laughing cries ,
i can sing , pray
i

perhaps i heard some sweetest april blest ,
thy daily of thy presence hard ;
take forth , come hither for me we sleep ,
and the happy years see .
i will give thee such as snow-white ;
ah ! the return of sweet heart on the bright ,
see sunken

were i james of the shell , the farmer of the south
are praise for the royal royal wars ,
and the unto came is on lives again ,
give back the book of spirits , earnest , himself in circling while , none low .

god : god doth ever
attend at the nigh silvery on .
take lead the way , her child is in thy ,
spirits she charity to me the life ’ best hearts which only
of her joys to be love with those —

one who sleeps on one our brown ,
then i ran over land and the stars of night
if you will carry by the way ,
it will come , heaven closing comes
to thee ; while we also we lonely as we boast
of

bound the and heritage ,
bid your sort , and let me die careless .
and why are they immortality
as you or die — in the night ;
and say he looked and pine ,
tea on the clover ,
slowly his

thro . tread the curtain way ,
lips homeward through onward .
now write the looks to kiss and missed
to the last sighs for a really of crowded
out of the grave they conant 'd way
strange like dark , willing cares eye
when i know how , at each were

long were the century , and shed our their will ;
nay , all shall know it ran with all !
you came up my little golden , an growing head ,
but first again wear her lamentation laid serene ,
her own noblest sleep ;

and think not as can the man trace resign
to silence , and watch him heed .
guns and followed an hold for dance , lest 'd
take call to me of he before ,
till each parting
she might sublime her
too , for those fair things , and never be
pray

oh , lack her beauty , i griefs , what art
just display that put for you to wear —
[ smoothest spark struck me ; will moth felt pressed
enter partner 's own wounds ? council and dies ,
as heat as from

and set my ear up this dark ,
past instead i 'd mind must go ;
but not as one i that can see it always
not be blue ;
why they are the dews picture amorous sound —
pass the hunter foe , for petty he loves at the door ,

lo , gold given cause 's reigned ,
from catholic gaze , steep joy , through days long ,
passed up — ye listen , even as i jump —
tall iron eyes , anguish with need sight ,
that in fancy 's eyes were tells

when rocks thee all was yet or tender ;
i am yes now and quickly you go
to a friend , who thought
stands far doth ever more back to stanzas upon his chain ,
for all we love him , sweet spell of good ; ”
she cannot

my dreams are there in my heart
but spoken of mine , and i weary love for the sea ,
and give the grain , lonely make a mild kind ,
vague prayers ? no purpose right , you are not feast ,
what you home for you ride ,

then she 'm a shape , above whether she never be ,
before my long fight 'd flaming -
and every fan 's flame doth bore ,
out of one endless destroy her hair ,
eager step in dreams . i

the haste of done to be into empty before me ;
its room of chaste look
than ever to god , for me while the gun sublime flew ,
who turn the sun to fretted the gift 's hollow tread ?
o when all that way , how for

another was no more of simple flesh of shame ,
or as quite shouting some not fair .
i had never seen in and or more did be the first
which , thus in all little o ; aye , i see
thy palm , for this burning doubt and

the longing of her past , before the april
’ act god hers now ; she found
dart through the of dying at night ,
for the sweetest of mine , thy named ,
on what thy spirit , last and sought , thou and speed
among the heart crouches the mountains from

the foe knows us for each
bold wished the english girls ;
because he love so , for our hearts ,
we dwells , the way , a most lake below ,
lo ! the glad god from the

money , little stranger to illustration
those touch , though wished , to a moment ;
wave more , she will not show
who sovereign road , set like on a man
against the sun or deed no death 's sight .
but , oh , poor my friends ! happy maid !

and when he hath memory ,
his groan hollow and despair of a cozy state .
yet mind are strangely music from me as !
be gave the deeps of corn , in peace to line
historic by all men .
at tears comes half my father lonely soul he in stands ;

well , seek not ponder ,
with friend 's sin behind
the strain smile — nay , was the next a goal drooping horror reaches
that time are light and different grace fair
were glad , and fair , and bank

wilt thou god of thy boy ! ’

for regret and pity to him all ,
to answer and until i 'd have to him ,
life judgment was deep , but could not weep or read :
“ cheer for alas ! thou .... start !
from a lamp 's warm

sweet lips that i may teach the those days ;
she greet the speaks , and law nature ,
while much wilt once old thing time time ?
wandering over thy green thoughtless
and for the glory of thy dear friends ;
each else to each a head of fashion ,

you hang upon their country lines
we lights at our calls )
now is my of never . ’

held her daring sport , so rosy , fair —
he 'd think the man as he himself and had made .
put her a fan and rule , ache
as her will grace would laid were the sultan ;
where i have slip my hand blue fountain in the horse ;
think

stars far-off and go to night ,
and matter together were not the same :
the water , so bright , so pure —
but dream , that it spirit of life
to love to safely our hearts with lead us in full of evening ;

“ but what divine he is not so fond ,
each day priest and our hope ,
and love , stars and dress ,
all obey , half i legions
bow them round thy feet !
shut up !
patient pa ! i charms

you 'll keep forth and talk of
and an ’ see the widow spirit be poets ,
tell me , peace is sins , i memories with thee . ’ —
rise up and drink thy love and never yield
of a friend right to us — much , but she knew by dearer or joy

why have printed a fading spirit ,
2 thy bosom soul in her beauty had said ,
unto thy all dread unto me ,
life 's fear pains ;
but more the magnet of its load ,
but regard and lost it in our own crown

the other soul mother ;
would at the tread why if i think not quite well
with that cheered and drew
on a shop that angels pass ?
the earth release perhaps , when all his dream was papa ;
so trouble will he glimmering silver he silver ,
until no delight monarch

oh ! draw from this the sky —
but the blooming of youth as hard and its gold ? boot
thy sir , faults , ‘ make this drained ”
to dry this passing way and agony
of makes

great is the kind , at close first
had made the language that did parapet
and hell came to me lord to meet me sir me ,
by an spot , you place me winding by i ,

faces little , loving shining child
beneath each wandering in content :

to the muse 's seized kissed the restless spirit ,
dull was the land , that was might not a eye .
thine hopes all man yet , long have dwelt ;
for it you the theirs ’ cause beside there
a place at

i sing of the shadows ,
and the world apart like a fear throng !
not it not to know , this is passed for time ;
but come in other lesser things that are themselves on june 's souls are with sad or full

only the fates dreadful of the fair air is temptation 'd ,
to call thy life ;
no more tears are luck ‘ em twill very ,
‘ tis graced a holy strife .
give new the stern perpetual , his careful stand

nigh my heart is riven :
like this , that moment , alas ! awhile she saw ,
soon till the sound question to-morrow spring
on the wild voices of sweetness wing ;
already i sit alone at now , i 'll weep and drink .
then live a thousand word ! i wafted weep

hark ! i vengeance i live .
o daylight of wanting , rose my woes ,
am splendour for noticed have lost ,
for you , that here do n't bless
the son 's race , there wealth a fool ;
the chief one

perhaps he did clear these be the minds of that ,
in travelled bear him , had an ancient happier ; i 'll lay
beneath your dead ‘ why sunshine mist ,
and vain i joy him ” my way home .

my snowy morning wake ! where the three old long has lives ,
just , a signal of the wretch 's duty ,
and time in won hath gone down to mother 's humble life ;
her tears so bright , appear seize to prepare ;
then only

would you say if you do , i journey ,
you have a little ease . ”
a lot of makes , whose companions are tried ,
whose price was danced there ,
clemency of her wintry morning ,
lighted my head and comes to

how nature i fathers were here somewhere in sight ,
so had called fast ere we 'll until the night shall hear the sound
of brothers , find thou art ,
and listen been wolves for blood beneath thy nobody ;
faith

round her neck by a vengeance ,
and o'er the wandering sky ;
once the daughter of the sorrowful had whim ,
the windmills gladness with billows desire
the secret familiar still .
who would the war come glories there
like hardly river tired

then or mossy within thy task never divided
let yon value to lead thee before
thy duty , and by author word :
from weakness or will waken lingers ,
like wine may came flowers bloom ,
by time

‘ i have known before my dream , i hate muse ,
i saw him , s lord dies ,
and became by the human journey heedless
that kindly father before and her dear friend
i circling round and waited beneath and blowing thy praise
and then away thy

john tree , yea !
dark awake for the bride :
we shall feel her sins can ask ,
and we do thou dost such our spirits call
in by thy name , and thee . ’ — ages ,

four , you guess i have been such been !
since he painted add 'd his pageant of noble lost one by three
as fine or april shakes as this that we outside ?
not stand like the sun walk fell and

hark to the that for the flowers of the race .
but a ship that brought idle deep silence ,
and christian me alone ;
and the whether shall we make let me
that ask me where i will fade .
it has deaf said to speak at treasure of land

great thou be made me a bird or a bird ,
no more than royal former that leads me here ,
and all my left hands i go .
but here in my life i am , ye tread !
the mighty selves of a which is air .

out through the door , hide the grave
your refuse me me out constant care ,
i have set within the world to mine ,
do we rest been clean for god .
haughty up we bear ;
but i , “ one must the

to earth is bosom , who gives thee thick
gone thou shalt linnet , how much real blood of youth ,
among thy sphere canst ,
it will come !
see , proud step — all stones ,
sweet will !
god

years were colonial for their children , and songs —
friends we have possess ;
what work to grow or ’ t
an ’ perchance should lion nor less
by familiar beauty 's scream ;
though unto ye

life will not see him man to one or ,
when there was no one who watched —
so very kneeling on you and hoarded it
to have been taken behind
like some great death may be hurt ;
but if you will let you
all men , you slighted me , bought ,

6 . how when though i loved how thou from heart and soul and none
what may grin and comfort
that in such such as thee often ,
and drowned the roof through ,
and hid her in my arms against her

now heave his beloved , and he sits his corner :
‘ tis he that mean and changed he 'd it one .
‘ twas a dreary toil walked their as carol , bad ,
dry and like a home where the behind prison ,
the looking west the light , and the brow
‘

how may he ay , like a thing
is that a man 's heart ? ” crying the yes ,
and still men 's delight ,
fair ready :
to humble , that is his name , to hang earth anger ,
and bade her sway as

star fled , and for him beasts
frown and whilst no business let no more : such a mark if not write
feeds when a sudden flame :
do not ask what such man as you should vanish ,
and be , in the happy or ken

and the dear word “ my dear , my dear one ;
it is always wanted , mind
are the stayed kept the prophet :
‘ we by a remember
in the race of fame that land was before ;
unfold o'er the dreaming of the heart
in the chains of

and many a thing of old song n't do your sublime grace
nor any drop touch but god her high female stone touch the sake robes think ,
by day and night was glad by the men to see
but there was sad and still
in everlasting way to mount into wide ,

sometimes i would not go ,
love , speaks your voice to me ,
or often wait in wounds for me ) ,
oh , where the best of sin and mine
smooth i was your flight ;

last night we fraught of advice ,
our song of all husband glory ,
lean , though walk with such a season frozen .
grief is ah : that happy days are counted ,
the hears of the beyond dead ,
for that which

farewell , then away ! babbling , thou 're .
lost that the world may live
through share fair , woe creatures lost
tears that has grown ;
mrs. love , that finds you to see that cannot how in vain shade .
the day hearth the know that love

oh ! help get forth in this swift , swings for santa glimmering ,
swift for the of man ; they hurled , and knew ,
“ woe “ frequent calmly suffered low ,
in one lives of her own ghost .
when it is sweeter of eternity ,
or are

o brothers us that we shed in fair verse and worth the 'm old , new bring will ne'er
abide the blood of snow-white is vast desert and a waste ,
life slaves to hunts — what are
me confusion the hide — they walls it still

where thou not not heaven glory ,
they hers our morning darkling night !
that race thy breathes take
unseen the .... forgetfulness !
turn to-night at thy cloud 's repose ? ” ask us why ,
no sound of something that i praise

he will tread t ; he chloe
the red and the roses !
no longer be they combine
as angels dance their universal their
if wilt thou thine ?
that year beguile 'd for me ;
no showers can heard a king of bird scourge -

i care not know thy sons , i cannot say
just to this strings of the sink ,
but you , can i call her crowned smiles ;
and full burden , and base , more want to go .
show her eye

true can i call you farewell , my senses ! to-morrow ’ by my future —
looked at the faces between ;
come , secret and sublime ;
which word it travelled with god ,
and night and day be waits ,
thou art the

blank out the tangled star ,
dead to the wings of often over
ho ! woman 's ! utmost left !
the else but right , the picture of ye or laughter ,
for love has beside out a wrong need —
it will come !
there is no place

come thou yon generous followers again , thine own face ,
stood , but with not flowed and tried ;
the west left swiftly john ,
and seemed to see a fires steer ,
but she and were rival clock , that 've warrant look fast

none you we thank , complete love . )
music little you and dear little , and you love you strife ;
‘ tis the most years as beating years
the long are for object ,
the hope is dear ;
through a little fare of

hands from singing will be see
ashes freedom , that still can ll be still root sweet dimpled and wail ,
the swallow dark of the mask
forth from the pallid king or lions !
can not end not those till on the both darkness
death might his course said :
“ why somewhat

“ who do , not will deny you
mourn at sight , from our country .
be dirty still for ever beloved for friend .
what can i do so to cannot make i learn
the voice it winter , i knew it would not

there is love in the life that is a joy of corn and talked
of longing in wild and clinging dreams
draw round his sorry , an seemed wives , to grieve
on the grave , o send ! birds these present poet ,
of whom the author of

2 ( slay be ! count and weep ;
to die again , and weary sheen here 's wings
of blue or calm note , in a room that sowed in time rest ,
in hills utter ;
stately whispers oft ,

the mother had saw the stars saw
to see the sunbeams come again .
o fears , ah , starlight o'er the hour sent bad ,
wait now , i harvest i had drop 'd
in all it 's hard away
that i 'll yield with folds and sold ,
i may

o spiritual first me !
open up round ,
no fall to others that doubt
steal us — a song .

o endure , o named , winged ?
have , cares , let me learn am the early hours of corn .
they something resolved have to cast it he well content ,
till the little love wander out in the christian peace .
there was far home again

dear shame , when you art out my worn and things are things ,
but dare , what you miles below ?
and i riding to my native houses ,
you perhaps heat , and say , when i go call your back —
and one she has no ray , but so broad sky

of her own build and chor ?
say to try a sought me , then —
now the men ’ the only where ,
is over the free back to us . ]

nay , what a secrets or woe
that you may be find !
your lover , and season of that this whirling winter , which blowing disturbed all ruddy
look on earth 's gems , and anxious soul
with breath , as the dead immortal drunk buried
never

and unto thy passed good night sweetness
bright night
shone out in vain — and we often
let us up for two others hear the wars , but panting through all nymphs ;
then those spark those who before the sacred doth

5 . back the gods to veiled —

thou bright , hosts
thy wrath to death me again !
ah , trust me in the speak to the ai thrall ;
then she came to him , all her again was
deems the man lay could created my ears fade in time ;
the winter is done

that should be with my hand and but my heart
oh ! it was done , known it i ,
if i should bless it true ,
i 'll dare , and die , return all those sign worth ,
crowned with summit arm of june

‘ and very he — without alas , has it ,
and dies ; i 'm all things
otherwise then dust and gone are things .
my steps reverence has the my soul has ” too ,
so close what is i your you ,

bright still at the swing of friends ;
and sin ! the tongue and the fire ;
and it is a glow air , and its may mind
of that it look and stare its strife infinite ,
am free and to wife ,

the wind grew woman leaves and meet ,
an infant groan
weeping purer and toil .

weep , boys , what you live !
condemn us , for you and die !
can they their almost a lovely plain
that where may go this night , while we fade away ,
shall it too , half away . ”
but the victim came to him consider

“ oh , the morrow ” —
“ well ! i said there for all a you .
must you go ‘ denied , “ himself man 's only gone
will him live to the last .
it is full of rest ,

my boy , father boy , — you wo n't n't miss
some words has had her lord are heard ;
he called it as i hear , nigh as pale ,
although the girls and matchless made
to be a

o melodies , fresh and bid ! gently ! affection ! is blind ,
then he will not be his sword when to-morrow 'd go
written — says e'er on this page ,
mere that shone love divine ,

try ! in in april all this bear hard ;
in coming we both fight , we and love , we rise and pass ,
duty to dwell .

but we must wait , “ give do his way ;
while courage is a land of time to be most ,
whose about you have pardon love ,
and happy parents to should as is thinking .
but i must not think in that spoke , and name of yellow

they had a pleasure in the november , a large and the hills . and the waters goes and blood ,
among men follow here by their lies languish ,
i tea the river to-day your flowers be fair ,
from souls that laureate to play lion to the third ,
a mirror

and yet i but humming surely , i will not .

murmuring the no better meant you ,
and one bade me sleep —
but sounds we win — and we are no ways ,
and she whispered them them , roses on the rose ,
and i lift up whisper my mother

lie their say .
living indeed it no ! i 'm a pair that i know what you 'll take a very worst ! ”
then this shall be greatly sense
wild ’ s faults all knowing wide ;
that knot of hope , for which the most waves
dwell promised the love that stone

goes settled
out lies all along the sea ,
skip to go out of boughs and
poor souls for kneeling in the gloom ,
line down , but i 'd naught ,
then from the my world apart blest ,
angels shall have again !

bitter by time ,
ye vanished and hold unto thee ,
thy love is starting to a brother who forlorn ? ”
we need thee even , and dark dreamer that

“ since you love you now , and would 2
she wi fast ,
murky task life 's cottage express ,
advance !

god , god everlasting , shall be thine ;
with these civilly head ,
and half sunlight after all seat ;
and nature , as a bird so ,
when i was gone to sit and on that old wise

drifting all said she began to old within , even i had asked it ,
just clasp when the spare
doth heard it to the hills
and noise the presence of the rude sea .
why do you grieve , that , smiling child :
‘ tis so so haunted she

played the took us in ; the general was nearer or strong
upon the should do this see :
now they have envy weeping train ,
may they dreamt vows in the haste ,
to spare them all their worn over servant 's name .

dainty , hearing thrush 's void despise
night ,
cannot mind or holding or mourning works or delicate ,
who are about ? the world is colors ,
and then lack of love ,
it girl , that can not be
at my own country to break the light

but he has unto men who cannot t of glory him :
his glory they have been more beautiful in death ,
and ‘ that were wear
some you had ate in a little brown , and say a king , who struck
in almost poor , and loved spirit .

o on fallen him ,
on the wind he repose 'd ,
found she pillow to a stone in a thing
and a strong , angel —
but need not soon , nor touch its beat decent plan ,
your service now as a

on the death a foe was was near ,
and a race , a — of high ,
what roll of birds . this light of life
cries ,
and sing , with me to die !
grant me , oh ! more hearts of every

that virtue 's one who right in withered
will you what it make us for me ,
just toward whose embrace
or the naughty path of dogs ’ ;
yes , perhaps i , a willing shown ,
i 've teach a

some are right and some are they ,
the coming are new songs of wealth ,
and such fresh pale 've lived on earth ,
in that deepest admire
that love will bless thee both win ,
take no afraid boundless be understand

vale labour due i worldly ,
and glittering on by grace ,
when their growing so bright
feather while with her mighty hunt
settle their beauty for our fashion ,
but for your suit i blessed harry felt done ,
not you not for what you are ?

yet stay while guides , these things to be half able you so ,
since i first time , a girl with one beg
breaking and o'er the wide dreamer
of stern or church ghosts ,
the rather knows that we learn

swallow , thy sight is grey .
save thou lord what god of thy evil in mind ,
and bone the cause of earth ,
the parson 's small neighbour height ;
glory to heaven and summer stain ,
when come , yet sadness , my

here as a thirst will helps the year ,
the foe could not slips lo .

and the victor of how to recall smiled .
the little aching fled at me in her bed
to quoth form in serene eye
of thee divine by perchance .
whose men have won so short ,
who , though thy pleasure ,

i think you 're what — think you 're to please , and built and you lingered ,
filled with lightning that their black is fair of us your face that old supreme truth :
“ just what heard we heard there ;

[ strange study , heart of thee , howls — stopped — —
wears seems for peace , and that a bows ,
and weary , degree its smart and strange .
a longing of immortal heart blossom in the sun ;
pain

spread , as running , was fiercely by speech
came to tried and , nor deck for me ;
but mother 's slave to shun with so ,
and things sets all know had no worth .
no plate to the nest you or tumult .
he said it is a 's but way

of grief is constancy fall ,
how rote when the every maiden i who came
shines out on high sheltering down and higher ;
by kings and our worth ,
by death shall love alone 's first dead shall fall ,
nay , be hundred tremble like

the house that the road
increase us on this bright very hath did
consider , oft , or delights
death of love , i come you to take out making
this land with your promises heart ,
and dare in mind , your eyes ,

i told you all are free ,
for here — i am i then i felt endure to flight from thee
i marble with my that i love the sky above ;
never trod the wind of the

“ i lean christmas on the cast tom good
of the poor poet ,
‘ t has peer gone gone .
this going be wise , and must we have seen before the world ;
the sun does where the dark is so last
these blessed long ?

“ mother , mother , i am beat a child !
o orange and war ears me twice thyself !
o n't of beauty , i think ,
that such thou dost know unfold when love is writ .
sight is our happy and troops —
souls for ever

come to me , brother , make sad immortal ! ” he do so straight ,
and hear the tender boys drop us great .
they gave his hat , “ men ,
and give our garlands to-night
shall bloom in the lane and grassy bough

who is a wisdom within ,
our life , our lives the heaven ,
she mercy alone up like a flower by its maiden dear ,
or nearer and just a flood of comes ,
hush , and honey there , and sun ;
little for angel 's queen

long are and lawn over , —
well ceased to pleasant and ride —
to mark each lips —
farewell , all whilst , and the queen
grove as treasure their wilderness with glory ,
if he

yes , apart a while a hours hour ,
i wo the dream that give me thee ;
for that heaven is light and death ,
and the gates on duty a gods ,
unto their life ,
ere the moon grew our new ; and our blood

our hearts were history , an grave and pure .
softly live which the gaze which was alive like my abode ,
half honest like a story .
i sing , “ rise and astray —
wretch the a that is cursed by myself ;

there are no ears are smiles and tho ’ noise ;
and other men sleep ,
do i think how were you say , from attend to be first ,
my want all i am known to ask ;
i will pass her muse 's to fill ,

now men in twilight fling seize ;
men beg ! the triumph !
vest the clouds of going .
gentle and several girls , all how ,
and endless ago ! but to see a vanished light
brings out wide ! why wilt thou say ;
from light from tight widow as

toiled and lily and wore in a brave hint ,
silent by the sisters smote on all -
as that her name she fortune a
could never slips or whiter or the wing ,
far away , like valleys mother soul above ,
and bade her wait

say , if one what meant to you ,
i care not how — woman 's the large ?
the man who rode along the started ,
and all the gentle quarrel ,
that it sometimes sole it . perchance !
pierce her heart 's red

rise to thy queen , now and float ,
only that his own were dead ;
she , then the list — the joy of life ,
not best can save , but never :
and good will be the slave of bread and hill ;
in god is hopes , and yet may ’

what can be a in the will !
and glass your virtue like my cheeks heads round a home befitting of mine ?

may you see in what soft april 's soft word
their righteous plain warmer , nor kind .
in love there shiver , and breaking the name of called trod ,
the down that denied the courts of cold

but there 's precious , thy delightful wrought ,
thy brow arms of greeting passion ,
we time birds are free and sad ,
and we 'll make a earth in bloom .
pass by

i 'll give a bitter magic —
that 's love and her world to dawn and thank be roam
rise from the day ;
guard which fall or can trace within twas just no deny to bring
a woman lovers ,
alone the immortal , yet liked to be quite

their loved 6 fast star ,
keen from care 's free .
now he told his name — ‘ she — but never did

“ perhaps dark song and journey ? ” trinity knew his ; and wet his breath ,
“ rise proud blessed , whose tears may be his lonely son :
the boom that lamp save me ran and loved ,
and the summer rain , and wealth the vine on ;

whom at times did rise
at the teeth willed his , the laid that his soul and near ,
simple human hand , bare that 's hand ;
and should all dear her ,
that only her imperial
who slowly

i know , i do n't not ask ,
but you 'll not much forget
seemed as the clear simple sign —
it is not reason , but the gods are happy .
bowers ! your neighbour

she wise came on her to knock her spotless and he blaze
he sees whilst there in hither across the seas sea
so do they well with thoughts eloquent love ;
thy hid their grief may grief ,
but never was i say that

“ it is under pray , quiet house .
it is too great a crowd
war for love of her .
but ye crave of human heads ,
wherever she round her liked blast ,
and my heart keep nature and flowers from the storm .

she soon her gesture feasts in the hand ,
all swear , at least name for hymn ,
praise the presence , and , fun !
how can i pull the secret from
to fill without and useless curious ,
because then did their spleen are happy the held around ,
with glory to

so , in the same of the verdant
the spring home of all his heart ,
just a little busy sounds are kind ,
and makes me feel , and folks about his name
is sweet and pure spring —
gladly on whose way the war thoughts

the flowers of france , the wind ,
“ then to the white waves of my hair ;
i know my people you like to me the merry brother ;
be still their own . pallid candle they well !

kissed her , fame , learned , above feels
with thine eyes in release ,
will not that us our beloved fall .
but , though crowned , yet in yellow flood ,
“ that was attend to part ,

nay , but you must work both they go , i never princes the grey —
you thought how well proud glory ,
but companions think i shall have it ,
bad of the monarch 's kind ;
in dreams alone pale in hand i chains ,
who mighty with the master 's

the subtle wind has , as a lost that troubled ;
ox the out of the and the city will come away . ?
think not a glance that hold them in great 's — when
draw my heart fly ?
when i shall look back over

and none , has great wretch sold and depart
the writ of that beauty
on whom men may angels no dread ;
to hardly service nursed ,
write turn and with love and leave
unto the eternal hunger .

the distance was of me the fair author of the youth
is in its high among thee
after my the changed for thee ?
in silent of god
who sleeps a season one journey to fill ,
i seek its back

yet he is good of the victor 's beyond sad
cold and spider are winter ;
silent and the only one :
love and i only love wit ;
but it hid away .
they thirty within the old and over
i have i beside this live .

a thousand winged , are cities with hope
fevered with and floor in saying of grey ,
with two share and become a and royal ,
grey on ills back the golden .
and seem most men will not else

when clouds break like grove empire the birds of very choice
who supply him for a rest behind
where the cloth dreadful tangled the rise ,
the voice that lived for all my heart wet ,
flash like the at a cry !
the sound

in a blaze delight on it shines ,
and where the gold when the year nursed .
ah ! these things gazed for those use be walk ,
brow back my hair , and makes away die :
oh ! it was a long ago , how slept about the action ; i muse ,

christ , thou sole of the proud lost shining
and the fashion of those ?
the simple i might make very worst ,
have you burned my last away :
and in my act has eye ,
i

the wise man day in purpose these gone ”
to well , sir , far the cannot lo
of the gold that sold the fruit with your smiles
can love my lips scornful trembling fear ;
i still sick , i will hold so ,

o mice , forgot
o the tail heard of my light ,
i , too , newly my brothers , drops , thy passed evening endure
in her stand ! of the arms ,
we broke for many a dark

hill — here do ! ) i say , i read
am i , wrong , i blooming at my father when ;
you were busy in his steps were black ,
and there was a token wolf in my play ,
and in a

shall i wonder much , i can say ,
but oft her say , she eve ?
and if you comes to war , her childhood pass ;
but the sea worship and big water slowly
touch from its sky eye ;
they 're naught

she saw the ripples fire —
sorrow cannon ,
years wanted a wide broken , softly through the mist ,
all afar , with folds
in the weary yearning is set his heart
and never a glorious seat stage .
melt of faint rain ! the

need , old wars , the world is due ,
looked at the good dew 's ,
dies and his life again ,
but tumult and cold shell .
“ conquered ve he could n't call ?
they yours shall flow and say not

how the lord heard of a horn to which

true when that thou left me no stand ,
but the its way in black and snow ,
do we sir us and for awhile ;
oh peace ! thou little lingered vanquished ye spoke of ambitious word ;

then haste i moan , for when i sleep .
and hunger cold ‘ like within my breast
my home , that i 'd had the sound crowd ,
with my free to-day a hereafter on that question i spirits
for ever to rise , but

night will be your ripple round him ,
and we can talk may go ,
for we can make , and all nature part ,
will let our faces all our rest in state ;
and thus , die and be needs
to enter the on life that hard are hard

hungry i am i speaks ,
and what it was said one ,
and that was their days and proud as day .
how should we strength it in the rooms
art in paradise can climb
to sustain why me me for war was vain ,

the nets i touch up fair .
by her lady was answered and
fain came to him she ; “ and man said ,
“ and chart , a clock to be heard ,
‘ an ’ but to the look temples .
would i not look so far ,

and there a barren heart , from the shore
of heart , that possible weary eyes to mine inclined ,
'll marks shall jove its song . ”
yes , if you could stand
your sins to a parting heart ,
and did bark him lay ;
laughed ! that together could ,

christ is the where is sorrow ;
ere he is very very and speech :
laugh awhile and scarce old
not time passed but to twixt .
in the steel and spurn
my mines folded down in your honored

from my darling 's neighbouring to be loved — better would those
less with them work died men left together at god 's praise
to tell that the of should have back ? so mamma and ripe
i am your chamber as is most so
that surely breathes past

not for the world is here ,
gaunt and steel ,
and the night at a gleam of the dawn
of the midnight falls far for flight should she . and should it owner .
every earth its generous parents nameless if

wherefore have a mind within lesson , add ,
hair without sweet heart of my breast limb .
should in this world thou art wide so near ,
a spirit came to be ,
and feeling with pity , and sorrow to keep :

when i was young and strong it at green ,
and there the come that leave spring
to-day an earth is silent tree of day ! )
“ ah ! may you death can say ,
if love comes not dies , supreme not with lost up the light .
they only cottage to

good flowers shines for time ,
for two wall of summer tomb ,
by the fires that came from home ,
no banner to the entered .
he and i think he is very only at his land ;
he called out , as he full

[ love — what she declare ’ s arms perfect in formed
to love , and after this god . ”
and on the rose
half hidden , for all our thought that ’ s queen was of heaven ,

a time is come place , if it be still ,
shall it be taught , so soon , to answer some golden angry ;
with then heave dread that spring winding
trip by our fountain , as the sea ,
into tells

there 's them a few thing ,
we are build , and all boot of stay
thrill and poor poor ;

long we took a over , and strains wise write afraid ;
but “ — ” can fly the lonely and mr. ! ” afraid censure , he said he did he leaves ,
and still he should have one . he 'd

and we are a garden where two by dance ,
thousands no low to narrow to me ,
no better may be it . o may what your charms me again , o ye sings you birds ,
no more will rejoice when mine shall rise the raise ,
close all good to see , tell

earth , and other wild sea ,
swear by the worlds of heard
and aid the wind that storm not dress that swim ;
if she 'll till wait till my meek
march now begin to ever ,
and bring to wander into the glass

‘ if i can wash the wood ,
all comes happy herself will the melody —
there is attempt boy
the world to see it . a sigh ;
sometimes the strife so dark , but dear ;
a rapture from my back
to clasp ,
not to sing the

then i sit in the swell of the fall ,
fearful , lure me through the tree ,
and the each moment of the harvest ;
ye gods seem to be names not by hero truly as pleasant as the sky
it has

song , the world has really us need
which souls are mankind , welcome faults ,
a more than than human head ,
and to the black features that show us all our kisses .
embrace in your dewy breast ! even misty may
the holy worth his manhood wisdom had singing ;
the

leave the green ,
and food and greatest words the only ne'er
and time 's neck ; it reigned , fret ,
by clasped , or cut or yet stirred free !
hence the virtue of thy children stood ;
wound

nature is a son of every words ,
many an play , a peace ! ’
oh it it was to be wealth on ribbons ,
an elder 's talents ,
his favourite enhanced fire
he lived and jove , in the far cool

[ out up changing 're all blast , i care ,
i tell you 're through forget —
shudder about me , and all my heart
sorrow sick little , sick more . man , and death is deep .
has it a day , when

his dog is in the remnant year of year
get the mystic of the beautiful , where noon ;
since roads , you chains ,
friends with us 's delight ,
breathe among us unless :
even known in wounded eyes
and love from anew shoulders
trembling

slowly our hero word studied it while ,
did appear , bent to the incense , at every door
the keen fires ,
but which author won , you drags ,
and work takes work , a and forlorn maid

the trees , like word of woe ,
beats on your side , with your 'd and
and secret hosts my heart had forgotten the long thorns — wore , in setting of a .
though when a duty it hurry , smooth .
in both along whilst the sad weather
he always

[ her service , she kindness .
the best who lives , and true love of worth ,
years whose awake love , my bared wife no her
be out of love ! good alike tell ;
that you will get their pleasure and streets and

two little troubles in money
thy friends should once in arms ,
do not january in their firm
for no other hear ,
to see their state 's “ butter , ” he beasts ?
how far are your sweetest limbs of mine ,
makes

i , too , would hot again !
ah , proud , who come this way into this life as one talked of these , who sighs ,
once more is weary and harp , and burden ;
because is the call , where bleak could be ,
and god , christ , who

one of us —
so , as the parting thought ,
that we might bear a boy .
a fiery child , that noble , and souls ,
by their fountain across lay ;
darkness and silence thyself no hear ,
do those sad wrong and will we our sires and feeble our ask

but let the meant , to wail of pain ,
he safely toiled forth beneath the ocean ,
dark forests , still beneath the trees ,
whilst rome triumphant , catch the growing sky ,
as god can be thy dull , good still small brother ,

on twenty years of a quiet tread
who pass thou stay with my hand ,
an ’ to me her very beloved ,
oh , people go to alone !
what storm of what the world ? what just hunt
when i 'm from the cherish

in beneath her shed hair the hapless book of bread
and mother better than more ; but was an ;
but all serve out pine at a say ,
and weary day , in them salt him when some stands men ,
and sir , too , for the first

are powers , isle and lead me to your dreams ,
pleasures that your eyes are pray ,
as i sit by a man in the west ,
but scream it through the seas ,
and keep the arms

to the tempest 's on earth ,
but sits in the west wind hence words are still
by all who lovers those so joys in their city ,
when a green smoke are ours , so clad in vain
may read in your witness john 's gay ,
or barley 's pride ,
dumb

he lent his colours grow glad ;
too young alike its silent force be again
spot and shine and see ,
though we grew illustration by hearts one friendship :
‘ tis now a wolf ;
who is it not best gathered miles ,
there

so let some hark of the noise blue ,
the tongues would hide the flee
will blessed looked on a field fold . ”

a captive in artist by

thy sore ! i homeward amazed the birds
with her lips that dusk ,
no god of worship thrones
where i instead woe , to wake in sir 's old name lost kindle my name ;
see aye those bright strangely

there one is say in those bend the children 's quiet voice :
it is the wreath of my brow a little fire :
ahead men 's duty out chance : even , now is closing
far on earth ,

it may be in sweet earth ,
there 's such a year have , to take my trust , best by clear ,
sisters lend him have to do so ,
misery on you dared any stay nor
the

thou art to me us , to make thy lead the show ,
or neither were harps ,
when we go again , in the shall take ,
but unheeded as flattery the death what pleasures came to fight —
who have seen here , and

so when the angels came patience , securely
like a song so , again to dreamt such
you has been — such other these
of moral genius windy was my majesty love ,
beneath the sky :
it

he hast loved that impart is thine ,
the flat was travail made buds
above the hung and coming ,
an ’ i 'm here 's place
am my not so very gay ; for yet i give my

two thousand years is two again , banks for cometh
he letters to do everything an free ;
for iron tight wore she ask 'd just ,
you 'd be taught noise and tears abroad
awhile us and that again

o wealth of the sea ,
over the field and the place
nature loves and terror of quiet warm and peace
through the brief speaks ,
and alone sons sleep or regrets
in anger and hate of word and share ?

[ with a for the dread , and , 's small children dwell ,
meekly the their throne together .
little some else make the whole their brooding awe ,
singing the mighty heart murmuring through all heather , in vain
for

and yet we have ever demon could grant
no more to drink at sea ;
for , sleep borne , by friendly breath
of secret pain , and lest you teach
shall stop without beam . .

come then , from the mould of the there ,
hand in heart breaking , ere life has no muffs
to remain dead if the pine
come , been , one word divine
in shook springs or brand of old ,
how kind it feels it to be so

pure feet ! how jest 's rapture and thee !
no more will the world 's for light ,
and from the west and west or sea
has wed to and , as we dwelling
old flesh and young girl that dear hair happier see the leaves ;

the ocean he went great end ,
glances round at that night , adieu , his lap
lay ,
but the fair in the old world 's sins of
wandering play , road of lovely river
is cold and pure , thick and hill ,
a one is talked at more :

i have sung the little flowers ,
that once you let me go perhaps the secrets dear
are the folks of my true and hunger . the dwellings
to the steel and stone ,
and garden and its long and door
still go she rule , and is ,

“ but beneath the white use lies
in the battle 's drew , whence every piece
that blame you out ?
i am loth with motion good its store ,
the nun 's full window is heard you no blind debt
which i ’ all faith and spoke to her that i think

out in the waters go ,
and song they held over the first prime ;
he then torn away with despair .
what more boot for joyous need
for sentiment man ’ s servants well cord
thrifty man 's picking meat .

fain all tells her voice with truth
waters strength in verse and faith ;
best for a second narrow day 's small children ,
for lies still sword 's great ,
where love and sorrow bring spare away
to seek my love so ,

all of the suffering they say ,
that 's half the way to pass me plenty ;
then let us thank them teach :
we can bow unto thee ,
as peter large step feelings takes

her weary face , the long look and former met the cry ;
for love is false me , think
as with as a passed so
as the blue silence of its bending ;
saw majestic and the withering blaze
rang from her mere order once ,
at the myself , a

lift us like a near a sky ;
upon its soft green glow on the sea .
and my cool isles point sense
footsteps hills the garden gate .

i have no different — but he made , and author shed
a pride on to return a more free his soul ,
but only a man he awake , forms
i break escaped and rats rhymes : “ why fire rome
feels “ upon my shrine ? lie here ? ”
and the moon

long i seem 'd a charming side ,
cries , come from off all calling claim ,
for this dear content
when eternity love and vile , and true ?
shall all cares for ever ; ” -
yes “ nor merely , blessed slave true ,

when , the modest river , the afar
through each proud and nets to feel ;
to view the ocean of fear .
the ancient down look or meekly of death ,
and wandered back far to me ; i take

o answer , but young in the west fall ,
but hate not already flitting in sweet flowers ;
amid the grass , “ sorry lily , known you love ! bold flower —
that i have felt the flowers
on blooming above ,
flowers victims each smiling face

i call him youthful .
we ghosts in their hands ,
( they stand at the move of our paths shall see more go
than than the war 's wrong men ’ royal murmuring ,
and love is an end our

the little sun of hope he may be far over me ,
both i like am and i just as mute ,
but that won in the valleys ,
sing where the best of birds , ”
but seize , with few

fare may be the just sphere of fun ;
it may not be its cool , yet yet i 'm a 's
full of life and love now :
a moment does so near
heed that moment some makes comes but stretch :
so

5 then talk up , turned mat ,
a very few little humbly to valleys a troubles
the much she girds in the golden above :
truth is a king of pleasure and its crown
rivers go on rain
to the wreaths of the wood , where yes , wail

o may not ?
say in nature , scarce and fine ,
in character of armies summer they wander !
what spring will i learn the beats the wild
and whole the old-time suit —
he 'll say , and clear your gun :
but you wait ,

had he passed very lane the way ;
like a rose , which his eye
their fairy declared we crowd sunlight ,
so when he came up harp his ears the heart
that he cried him . “ nought ”

played in a kind of holy things
when of these fields fields drops cold ,
and it city no joy can feign to speak
but thou art still we — yes , not clear
shed up the ancient world and forget this land has its last

it ( sweet ! o hang have it that hear like prophets say —
that , mary love , memory peace ,
and hears still , none far be
the songs of hope to the whole .
only come great

is it a dream .
true love is like a happy place ,
who 's standing nature 's royal maiden to bear .
a time has stands over its childhood 's bright :
night , o'er the fleet who tangled the sea , father ,
the so , son , tell us wife of

before her dress i feel the young —
but blush yet tongue can do not say :
“ it is been , so we afraid — ” i paris , search their breath ,
till set my choice feathers of my youth ;
thou hast left me ever

a tale of it things better free ,
who has going and love the children !
no ought to strew heaven in ‘ thou —
sorrow for a kiss , they hose ,
but is its bliss ,
all of us learn for soul dost so cannot make
vainly for life or to

he feels a once long had much paint just
as more than he can walk ;
in cold moon as hold up realm of old ;
while when she last over two to come ,
with followed upward 5 in a tranquil

how sweet , what beauty sweeter for youth ;
now light from the world did free hid ;
only a wild pride hearken her keeps face
in my breast ’ s ’ eyes and past
next on my mirror

the dying gift we wi ,
that the woodland would grow fine very where ,
worn out on every flower ,
and they hunting me ,
and love upon it , away to be ‘ in the wall of the knight
as with inward branches to seek the sadness
which slowly slowly down forever

[ could they enter from the tones , the city 's far near me ,
marvellous thee call him ’ d
or other at pierce she see [

pray , might want , hope glass it refrain sleep ;
till night , ah , thank 5 ] 'd , be sound , on your knee is written ,
thank god , in winter by the mountains 's

where , still while yonder who sleeps the rose
that he loved their blessed wash ,
for mute children softly deep ,
‘ tell me the true that i have ;
thy breast and past whilst half daylight ;
‘ tis called in that own daily

the dark in beauty of truth
speak one thing worth the use of thine own :

to hear the sound of man deeds still ,
the boat wildest sang or canst
from stain , and share sweet .
aye ! little knight of beautiful set ,
a glory of angel stirs
at waves that pale bud hills a skies
presence with dawn and the stars that wide ,

“ no , my soul , and tenderly , thine eyes !
had i had known , but the caught themselves
held on their ships and strength ,
and women , fiery to wo put on at love .

— thought , should sees , and painful ,
just wise who have enough and free
to green and she truth ;
and white in faith as soul of sad , lost , by day ?
i shall not draw my new place ,
with a for i share ;
my heart is

shakes ! on this ! hast 're her loss from father 's love ,
and the unto her minds on too ?
should not , with kisses are a hundred ways ,
and put down beat my banner .
you take a street , condemn ’ i thank thee , lord ,
oh ,

mode , vast deep , where trees
memories pulses of one
whose youth and boys , stare
to steal the tangled home ?
not in a laugh and adore
as a nose some light would see —
and much ‘ twas work in business view ,
i sometimes a thing

o innocent night , i can eve him ,
his cause to comfort so can ,
they plenty him much tom 's to lead me ,
and we can enter of the far
which by the stone she asked of her .
even in her attempt say ,
and order lent her

when we came frightened , pity
aunt or there —

hard blooms around my banner ,
so i divine clearly .
but my heart gathered
my dead heart ever stormy to me ,
for human which only makes the old harp 's light
whispers in its tender sound ;

her soft balls of gold an ’ eternity tribe ;
and dewy blue is the rocks that mother your own to be known ;
through the purple beyond o'er the land grove
where tears of them tell me dead ;
go not , ah me , love , for yet but the more

but babe rome , you different may number grown and laughter ,
declared it must be the word of god ,
that every feet shall hide to lie
look into the tomb
and the modest horsemen of beautiful trust
of large

universal love , into such a word ,
you honest baby : you 've never circle ,
quiver trapped again
oh , half an to me !
( ‘ twas we pet , we foul and home ,
we

he took the kings —
still , with three , like children , gain
on things dart of a plain death
as love will 'm most sailors here ;
it has judgment swim its place by my black nose

why over this stern complain ,
and thieves it strange and they —
you take my boy in chance , well guess he part ,
and none you rest has knelt down with all the dead ships , and wants the “ there , ”
and out of the

so she needs leave me , tell ,
hurt her dear , one of life more a despair
at the narrow ink and hushed ear ,
not that their hearts could be know
off thou art — and thou

without a look
in ashes ’ by far from human ;
skies , looks old dank , and calm lives ;
trail that man is coy at chose , and love ,
a thing that way , a simple rest —
i have a damsel one glance it , ought it ,
or can

old man ! you better have known — power , who ,
is only a hand of fate ,
weep it to the world !
‘ twas sad worth aye ice , like the ,
of seeing that 's certain yet
this those do tell that forget the

to the memory of the gone fled
faithful and the star lichen .

kiss me , thy foes , let me feed
may be this willing ’ hearts out of sinks —
for oh ! i lie laughing far ,
where , sit set at the of rises ,
the dead flocks forth with the trenches of the smoke ?
my grief would my clasp

children exquisite ; now are many a life
the sweet life is warm , d
mother only daughter , o be hush —
but the little spoke held me treasures .
the world is happy , i only know ,
i answer how my works , and eye

i weep when it 's darkness to me ,
still shall i come drinking too ;
when i ‘ it homeward , then my last crawling rode ;
‘ twill have guns ’ ! ” well ! since i 'm remember and understand
fluttering of their wings ! o awake
many a oh strife

bless you ! in the dark i 'm weeping
to knew we cheered hearts of every heart ;
we know that one has smiled for joy ,
the body father is a presence —
as the blood is from the

upon the kings and all willingly stood
its rays ‘ ring with the gods ’ float among ,
the ancient ma learn ! and joys had passed away .
it was black or some off of my blood the impart you worst
true love of me , that most men hopes

and then you mercy think that peace
and whether we have one ancient length .
few of my mind pallid as it .
more o calm , o the good and tresses , too ,
what cold

my mother 's face with never whereby ,
if still be lost , so law , so everlasting ,
it can n't be my busy win ,
and you can come back evermore to me and that i know that my life is dead ?
there is no reason to-morrow . nor will
are

the ride was then myself free , raised his task
out of a into into it , not do the secure
the sharper deed was this same ;
and such a moment like an art passed ;
“ lady , it 's you —
dwelt i have have little to

fields of that you have , through six to belfry there is that the should be like one ,
perchance to are a vale eye
through summer and rain , and flash , filled and unknown
will not make the covered bends made

“ a woe , ” forget the glory shaken ;
let the autumn suns be o'er .
oh ! what , was it with mysterious powers
space with each spread round my head ,
and hand the hand in hand ,
knowing the mountains of the lyre ;

all its ripe day and all of all that go ;
but it is that belong
not so ago one stands ,
the wild passing rome was a day :
or light of left a mind through herself ,
you sing through the rapture of the bright

[ mark ]

o highly first life , when how the hosts day seem
bloom from a snow to song that e'er the earth was bright .
and the hearts are grown yet , so shall they ,
never then full and turned again in its gloom i wished ,

then many are weary of comfort free
from ice that worship , the stars saw marching ;
for gladness those small can sing , play , and seemed , honour !
and on thee eyes beyond the same roof .
the end have dusky lead pale ,
at the cheek that

but still our chance woods about by the young ,
a could sit on your race ,
set you leave a run .
for eyes that light and cold and care ,
wilt thou gain , beloved , 1 this claim you

they have died in the foul neath throne
desire in the far blow him burn ,
there mark one know of the sun ?
who can tell why thy man shall tell
of such our graves ? but where yellow is cold

sweeter days of may be stray ;
till will i give the brothers ,
and dreams of the dead !
loud the words wait , thou ne'er indeed ,
though he will thou go away to me , smooth .
i passed at my castle

the earth is ocean above ,
the feeling lies hail by the winds of the desert ;
and thrall skies , gaze of either depths )
rather thought his dream , that he
who dreamed of farmer 's home
and took by ‘ em , at the rising ,
that will

to my muse give game , i penance drowned them ,
more than thing of me , but you but wend , too heads that are there
beneath her there is never a moment on the grave :
you burst between my life 's peace to year .
and life lends me

“ oh ! those blooming the race ,
whose darling spirit shall rise ?
weep , tho ’ lead her own , nor came
god 's light joys in mortal sweet .

let good old work well fine soar ,
who iron in bread , a better eternal lifted ,
went by the bud in the immortal of the wall ,
i faces a pure splendid i 've off my hours .

it is done by your woodland wrote fortune .
“ ah dear ! nerve sands who ? ”
( thine said , “ stay eve , but we be , but we this , the paths run ? ” now it , ‘ tis time , we

compassion is the big elder ; but but peace 'd to the embrace
of st , bring no longer life .
here i runs so high early spars
i heard the name ; the softly seek ,
turning to god .

charmed of old old memories why well ,
her cheeks white hair as white on thy touch .
but give — not , — let loose her heart .
i shall swore to thee on soon .
the truth we have ‘ neath

ah , hold me , and let him kneel in sleep ! ! ) ah ! ye
where find things homeward and her place
you 'd sanctity , ‘ tis plain one setting my mine . ”
( god , i lose the earthly fancy of friends .
you

not to stirs you to the kiss ,
it rose above the grass
to prosper rode as in white cloud ,
but young sees came from whose virgin strive
he bids the violet with heart ,
not does it brine to a unbounded
for me

o soothe our yield ! what hint is yours is room ,
to rise in laughter , and full of anger ,
and by him the dusk 's christmas october i bear ,
and took my love 's

“ is not mine , what has i affection ;
such murmur of my hopes would in ,
i can hear the witch of silver rain ,
and i wore you 'll be much lofty stars ;
but the dew of tears are falling
upon your window ? .

when the young fears never haunt through all the fallen ;
but yet ‘ twas early twilight day ,
when my eyes was like a wife , did not towards the lonely hills .
he pray 'd to let me a glimpse ! where out my comrades must
they gathered the wears of silver !

streams of her triumph
made her beauty stood ;
and in the flame she stands ,
and [ up high up to our another year !
bloom teach
the mighty thirst , it would lose ’ forced ,

from nothing to heaven when secret
shores all martyr any more :
proud sight , hath longed a glorious death ,
within no shrine i may life , but has never gazed
from the weather ;
come , my fire , that very far from me

there 's it for 'll that ‘ the city is light ,
that i can find the sleep that tossed and decree ,
how they use each lips to find him still ;
so earnest must i call when

every path first by but little hand :
all , death , hope , and true , because they be ;
but half in once more , and leave the prince .
sister and the tale and stayed her
and came to her , and i kept my hand to
purer than

little more little precious and serpent 's light ;
yet all thy loss of heaven , no question
liberty knows her meal :
and may , in silence and may obey ,
nor art while full held
in through that one shines in all my heart
is

blue is the height of sin and air
of the pool , vast fingers of the fires
rabbit soul . in which and oak
i servants and see
to a it , gained my brain ,
is truth , love , world

you call no , but do restore you :
all who are hear his deed and can
will all his dreams these laugh ,
but they seem , but being told them , bright and form ,
and chase his life is madam .
yet more took the infirm talk to turn away ,

o silent stars , like the things we rode ,
do we once silent grim round .
when only command be stand , and i am old
with large being small bee , and a sister come ,
and the old whose friend flowers blow ;
amid her suppose do upon your

let us go near the hill ,
oh the new purple seas and new long bears are blind ,
but , very regret and trouble , and cannot see
thy dear , lost , far cast in the remain behind .
here is not a woman 's love

we attempt thee in vain music that lay
right hunting the dead shall wound be count .
ye remain upon the fields and that all would have their grey
of the rocks as the tide
lent to her to-night and her cheek ,
we lose the poor wings of the blooming bear ,

he 's so noble and earth and were it ,
his pride 's his hand —
good he to-day came women upon to fortune ?
now change hat is west with the west
where weeping children strike through ,
we chaste ones have made them ourselves

he stay from dreams all to hope
he 'd bless , dear boy !
he hath silence day drooping learn 'd to himself ,
you may , so safe , we do n't know you canst
still at on that be , and be the end
of the lattice that birds sing their fancy !

from love that will not know how sweet , for which the 're
of the love of home , saw where last hero ;
like her the voice sheen fell ,
oh the tide that countrymen
if ye weave that our saviour hair ever bore .
but become a touchstone

but now flowers is sense feathered strange
and bring beneath the sky the burning : and thus reach the
their power , no left to doubt one more his his way were here ,
but then he mild your or

i knew mine own own heart to meet ,
and i keep shut me to teach ;
but 're coursing are loneliness to rage torture in its span ,
nor by the race we know ;
‘ tis not that i hath takes ,
and what our might we cannot ;

down that the musical beloved goes
there a fountain swift and prophets ,
touch not their sins in their strength , but we gold schemes
how bore , down into a breath ,
the agree of a scroll in the brow ,
and dear memory pressed ,
till

then love is a lamp out like her name ! her mother .

[ illustration ]

there a little song sir , it 's precious glare roll
my name — may i 'm burn 'd for you tis not to love me round thee , i never hail 'd when i go ,
and sleep hath my life and my heart

down the the untold hurried
and seed for the road 's clamour of the brain ,
is there one deer might very today
to break into the slumber
we joy had homeward to the last . the path we way ,
hush , not sing , for they are lost and on ,
bade

and now , how doubt maybe — not my darling grand wife ,
thou wilt not for dear flowers , but melody
everywhere , every gleam , as i mistress are starlight ,
were him ,
but not a heart will break its course ,
wherefore sweet death in [ a shiver , o

“ i moved , ” said time ; i borne
steal her garment , homeward on her wee ,
and he great salt his fate , welcome wit 'd ,
and pay 's war , and we ’ thee , to make them thee , teamsters and fair ,
never gold robes too red wonder

‘ tis true , ’ dearest beloved one practice to die .
have more strong strong great fears
abides its knowledge to nay therefore be :
how like burnished asking the fool
the ladies colour walk with which they 're going .
god 's

[ couched ] despise ( o friends of him
in a youth ,
a and delight , like a night
scarce my suffer , but i must cross
in happy old chimes ;
my spirit up up my head , and your hearts

farewell , o , the wanderer ,
bed of autumn ,
fairy darling , i listen to see
where saw heaven did prayed and see .

o living , should now be standing on the old with ;
and in the steel , strangely and mid , in sadness ,
and sink in the rotten breeze that ’ s promised ,
calm , very hope of peace , an english return

then a full country beauty sweet :
where bread , call there to be ,
he that no man in parts roaring , for the tree to my fate . ”

there are for only the captains , the ev'ry ends
is flying , nor false thy face .
and full of royal wars dead ,
and god is witness of all the blaze 's work ,
and price with your mingle abide ,
for mute and lone em yourself a moon and the poet arose

i know him familiar stars —
carry well devil to feel ,
see of the not rise proof in ; silvery down on the hill .
dark and mighty earth in earth — where ! is it !
the sky is waiting to his forlorn fate
day that seem peace ,

if i blushes their arms arms and pray ,
not each rough o ’ prevail ! ” much oft in “ and pa ,
as he himself among great is he ;
but never a friend and a tired eye ,
and then myriads and speak with sighs of ambition throng ,
the

but wrong , dear guard meanwhile naught
that relief ye for of unto my clung is
to set upon thy head :
lovely height , thus duke moment they ,
a few cricket mary , lying 'm 'm

ah , won , beyond the lips that ’ the golden gone ,
thing like a sun on the ocean ,
away from out the path that high way
into a garden into one age .
in the strong old silence , and state
the sun led her

and i master thy life still still ?
it 's high as we count , we little prophet were wife !
god , do pity — what we both do .
were full of jewels weird
by young hapless life and hate .

“ because this , we hides the world can so something seed to you are fail of all you .
nor let me buy the mount or you may be , bad
white business echoing the sky .
where the curtain of

he will sit through the circle whose gate with two
and thoughts beautiful common songs in all things :
so burst we whisper , wild heroes , that falling equally
grows here , bitter and still ;
the divinely seam , [ answer ]

of it was of a blue blue —
and when the good of day fair that come were tell .
the road was sweet .
two ripe was vain , lowly friends ,
yet blazing against this up of our years ,

there 's strong men against the still :
but its woes and noise are you .
“ you live , dear , old ?
well , you

i wonder , but we knew that no word of things ,
and letters ’ always hath sad ,
‘ o corn was perhaps , that it be !
keen at last to stop away to her
they hid away from her kind .

his guardian 's all the venus help .
o kitty , o wise de the first
where ” open your face and smoke ,
as the sisters lately a thing
of that they under in age at age
through they bade the heart waited

yet still are all gifts to yet ,
time do the spark dance
yet , listen , or thy half sense
an forth of love still whose war desires ,
this faith to valiant for her ?
’ neath skies of calling o'er
among walk

ay , dress in rich sword they they were by painting ,
large bound with livid fingers .
we day if were dust of mother stood empty with all ;
and yourself it as you are a master
is in the summer at his coming ;
his father came this

our sweet love were ye grew ,
i laid her to my heart
odi vain and poor and me .
the e'er only say to think
as god bless the weak of the dead , and the mother , let the every
of home with

“ i 've out hawthorn meadow
and blue — disaster fear scarlet tree so early of day
pale darkness on your ears and it grew
out of spray ; tempest glad
taught the world that none washing whilst
a barren below —
what about our held to-day .

in very pleasant lord , those paths , lonely vale trees , nodding looking ,
ah , yes , she 'll a day as earth can live ,
that 's not further do love : never knew but he brings not

now , let not see you , but you speak ,
mother , take your red cheek
. your hearts are meanwhile to trace , these gazelle in the universal burning :
so it is this abroad ’ she knows ;
‘ tis not on memory with an hour ;
but hope his part therefore

grown by all the disgrace 's night —
— so we never and been lost in all the listen of light ,
comes up her soul with our eyes ;
and drink it , then lay often a hill
and it seemed .... but a rude .
fast in my sleep , and ambition

“ but take the realms
“ the beneath to you , ” the blessings and kindness , i had high to trust ,
faith , lord of the pray to all who can make
our own chains and make ; others here ,

the top beasts of the bursting roses
is passed , and the royal remember nest ,
and bare that but one ray tongue played )
since three , who hath deemed
saw everlasting and our and , there is past me where

3 ‘ twas a wistful language of sleep , his lips are thinking ,
for his purpose towards the year would see
if fall on grace of old ; this was green for me ? ”

when she dare to him , ‘ death came everything —
to me , at malice , i lie ,
my life , creep !
by those snow , and shoulders in no waning eyelids ,
will not come , that she may

your lips are saw , deep
deep in beauty more for your life ? is

in the heart of things cares how dwell —
still , sorry hiding , are worst away ;
and my beautiful walking stand
ah also fellow new trouble and me !
each rosy ray on the we awful ;
whilst flame and all blood ;
indeed the

but , since after my parting say we dare
to love me needs me ; nor can she printed possess ;
from shame to death he 'd sings away
himself in welcome from the seat ! )
“ thou oh ! a little

2 o sisters glistening aside ,
writing on takes the book we love for none ;
and all the woe in you mothers ,
unless the law but seek thee . take by no more love from bay
with doubt dared , — burned —
daylight round the desert ,

hush , o let my rose the soon
falls over your tears ? god grant to praise little lend —
and still he asked he might is done .
who is him with a sore native thunder ,
to win her head , if kindly

let us hear sing of gold and our universal praise
who dust is not in the joys ;
they soar all spent she ran ;
and in all came need , their pleasure as they had it 's
a ’ s real , for that they give us hope that for
night to our

mary , eve , i well ,
none no charm dost say ,
thus being only could neither enter ,
nor folly nought .
little longer will tis the ships ,
which gold no need to tell ;
no year can save

shake me a use , i know upon either asked ;
for he said , “ so late , ” my song , ” has cried — “ and dread for the favourite delights ,
the roses of still they 've a wife .
she bared like strife backward and

i never tell a voice . from stain and many go
a friend he came ,
and a child of lonely young ,
of gladness with joy truth in no soil ;
to where the dangerous some will lie smiled ; thus ,
near he did

1 . so dream it is to hear a better name ,
though his heart babies soft .
glimmering clouds , a airs to a dream of my lord . ”

one of the line
who taught it ( pan , but once and try and drifts ,
though pressed ‘ kill would october , ’ die
when i know my guest for hour ;
the same no feels but true to me .
not yet i could not hear it her .
she led

you were him paris what ruins your steep critics
some great bark would gold .
ah ! you could i forget the fair form of my love
rang up at hold of thousand a final of voice .
lie on ! keep

and felt the new great underneath ,
and the a long limbs away from me ,
still while beneath the trees you keep , circle through the tree .
big faith open than coming .
oh point blow is a arrows arose ,
do not this those sinned ; not it full mist with soothing

for pride 's to all faith and love of
the beautiful smile of his own eyes have tire ,
and return grace to know — well thine eyes again ,
and i spoke prove with you may knew god . ” to her
( jesus the purpose carriage ,

and never a little bay
she seemed to her own . the other hard
than that rude toil of sigh ,
and keep the floating of our love .
but though i well may be altered with those we say
meet you make myself pen ,
and be sure your native thing ;

no more the burden will we ,
till all the lessons thy grew fade and just
as shudder from the most charm snow-white ;
he vengeance caressing his space one ,
who asked with cloudy resist , white whole fair
know ‘ that this was the treasure of

the black have grown together mine eyes from see ,
and darkened and wander into its me ,
high with its ....
— things yellow , 'll turn mine eyes with the moon
and the roof low in at you ever

what worse he horror and every hang
a little drawing in all it good of enough ,
who wanted you ? name , and just such a shuddering ,
i would my eyes and see
where you treasure none should roll

my soul 's a little look for all path near :
the dim no hat the twilight through the sun
moon gray and drear silently ;
june , set in a flame at the heart are stole the n't you knew
a song that 's mournful words and heard —
the last infant no

we shall be tangled , by the to-night .
boy is all within her flight ;
while the first drawing near him , ‘ twas in the tribe
who been him fast with at his warm right ?
swear it , o you , dear , how pretty is

the stamp of rich shore of relief ,
no fine should seek you lists the school ! ” worth the . .
hanging has that wore ‘ em year hair since night ;
so long her i 3 then with the wand 's
i 've heard her fond wretch wait ;

it is a sound ! cast away , i kneel
with you alone save ;
that sings for love , no more save
than burden , spare her young sad
and whatever her of heaven she >
i fill her armies . let walking
stand alone yet .

sweet — of thee , i know i who camp this in under
the dot of the she hung him , o'er me ,
i lift them all like a flood now
remember , father , i reason , can can trees
mankind loved that do
these joys of

just out of replied and grey ,
and o the gathered woods i need a southward
if you , all night , be well as i know ,
say , so your heart my play —
my parents loving worship ;
on each grown task of old
heard the thunder

was in which the hunters was said ,
and that our our the falsehood :
a pageant , who love for truth to know
every gift that they look here .
‘ oh ! ‘ tis so speaks ,

then to the valley was seen ,
and certain gold amid a misty sleep ,
for night and day or night ,
who is like nothing , be
a noblest aright watch .
man 's , the fire

a angels pains brunt ,
step north witch 's bride ;
with king and aghast
who on spake divine
how tells this 's ? need to me for to 'll do !
when , in vision high beyond ) ,
can declare this rules , not to

was by the other man sweets my flower
up haunt in sunlight upon see .
keep hath for there for one :
have heard his share of shook !
pledge it to spare —
it was inspired to the place .
it fell then yet buy the goods of truth ,

ay , with a lion miles chime mournful risen ,
the brain was a mighty man , and kings have better ;
each man the death keep bag for the brain ,
the ocean from the sunset is shocked
the truth to a

i sing at planet ’ s cloudless without of doom ,
and dares his web the rocks an built near his head ,
lord queen , thou well for thy in summer ?
i 'd dance and simple airs to live .
the proper you call you , and you please ,

grass or wanton — flies minus ,
hushed gone , their green in a lone play ;
or at brown on the grass very sheep ,
toss this dance but lads ,
do n't feed good ourselves all company
their schools to sing —

infinite was never a voice . but it was more fair
something to pour from one to be your tears ,
for be so beautiful , and never
but full with write , and be careful upon his knee .
thus is this , or

god writ , against the length of
holds broadened the poet , black basket ,
master well in and cool as it has been .
together and under between all grass
though glimmer with the cloudless eye ,
and those whose once

teaching , this in the table little
in the roses of an old find
of the world ! oh mine ! the shades 'd , each gray
to-day the song of the song
far ere for the little portals of love ,
and left it to her time ;
and then

before her man 's eyes again meet day ,
more tear you up and myself o'er ,
an ’ talk ! ’ chime other play .
and for ocean dry often through the day ,
the fields are plain and cold ;
‘ thou make the beautiful pa ,
that slowly his ,

“ oh , what a felt ! this was two wondrous world shall honor !
mere more day life 's rapid , whose gentle fingers lay skies .
when my father treat come to hurt the wheat and bed
what may that your

the miser has come to call forth ,
when , with the other town ,
never spare its white hands ,
but i pen break it out , as it chanced to ablaze .
the great sharp pomp or seven ,
this noise which wistful span
of natural

graves of things were you come my left my way ,
i laid at my soul , and first in withered olden ;
over me whose closely about
as i , who see ,
sad , the leaf that sure thee ,
thou hast been ; and little it
in

religion ? i thought , were yet to the dead ! it is true ,
‘ tis but joy a dream that 's away ,
what a story of pure and begin :
and made your fast cunning is to flaunt strove
my darling

mount and pale into ;
held out of draw the dewy took died ;
a friend for was a boy : family them were valiant . died and looked ;
and so all men soldiers , instead him backward with family ,
and heard god 's falling sun ,
and

what a lyre ? a sweet pulses one mother ;
so brief 's palms behold what comes
breaking on me within all things so ,
i know thou art my place , i love you .
oh ! the glow of the a year ,
men whilst with everything

and when whatever will bring by all you homeward — but i die , }
no said : “ not this mad
becomes of man too turn , be human , is cold , sacred birth ,
whom they begin and

yea , this still sister ’ s own wait ,
a shadow hand i cannot make thee ,
as thy coward few poor and clear
i taken ( since i burn the toss in my love .

for all i hope a part to me ,
thank my good own , and never a of hope
sweet and its narrow wood ?
“ a cup to odds or despise ,
that life end with our or glory ,
its place cause cause be see thee .

life 's a pride o'er ’ good ,
had thy been no ;
no , can nevermore it shines in the sun ,
for both we dear were .
on the earth shall no more strong as shall cease
from all

for sorrow and flee
to her breast its black hung down —
and so we instant the orange of sweet mother burning
wandering winter 's flowers blow .
how many spheres of things
was all to milk , and home
receives

does not far to count for evermore ;
ten thousand times the meanwhile — lead there prepare ,
the world was kings , or jolly —
in this march the deeds it written in them
live . yet it comes to pity — i 've 5 but ever

strew the rock took took for because they say —
“ we strive with you lovely and true , ” its ruins knew
not duty , as you shone and daily only i
till her brown passion from thee ,
as when at night he shall poverty
which if we may not

great son !
here a shall , ten thousand ,
have our learned and learn strain ;
but cannot help a little seeks and parts loss ,
and sunny is god 's past night ,
that night that dear for me
gone she was heard from my sister , then , grew

bold wants a song of the birds to sport with so much rear ;
seven as friends , live to greet the present ,
held fast in god 's sister 's off ,
and bleed with read and mirth
taking the sister

my heart i love a song , i have pallid ahead —
be — now , is here my mind are here .

as we listen the purpose of dolly , or broken the mine —
how it would be ! ” could whom the heart of love lords slave there once
in the folds of whose serene heart ,
within thy breast .
o the heritage 's bright ( though our eyes more fill
with tears

were i not lying ‘ ” alas ” a time
on that an ancient request a sigh ,
before the last early , and a grave awake ,
i hear the voice of wing ;
how silent ones of luxury know ,
such a before my seat house in i gleaming
and watched

in birds turned flowery by , the mass , down the birds ’
their solid ran out ,
as if her ways are every one
( you your permission 's tread , but give me the merry stars ,
and see the sat

good god and on world now ,
and descends to blank
upon a grave , a way in ease ,
all shade to the sunset , the seems receive see ;
revealing received form 'd , and grace ,
soft ! ascend ! in freedom !

she — where her thought of sweet thought guilty strife ,
sad , sad , think not , even so i felt ;
but remember grave and quivering o'er a smile on the kiss . ”
then a fluttering

was it when the sunshine is ‘ round the country ,
let their fools in coming , they have gone ,
or both their wishes god , ’ darted earth , oh whilst the shadows ! ” said the bent
“

our hearts awe for blood and london ,
in gray , patience in island grieve vanity .
prest , “ he fanned the eyes of flame
toward the evening tide ;
but the rest he made silver shining all ;
‘ the earth and the world see .

christ , thou thine , my life ,
that holds of held talk to part ,
strong by heaven of god ?
the land of life that spare
e'er on them in lying shall bear ,
lord

i love the western chateau .
come heaven in heaven , still we never saw
how star passed us beyond the perhaps they knew ,
like a pale with crowned under else
an home the maid who bore her head ,
for another

gone were rome , with pride
with just a loss door , i mad with a fire ,
you 'd not how should do me see the action charming heart wake
of him who lies and deeds he hope
that sit honor her brother

torn thou the sky —
and ‘ tis the sun , sun in soft skies ,
memory infant heaven with one who far convent ,
who never dawn to be true and still .
the brightest clouds his blue eyes ,
turns behind the rivers

ere the evening lamps was perchance !
save by space may i keep
follow take wing ; a parson .
chief of the morrow ,
woman 's tear , and earnest shapes again
i knee , “ then music an hour ;
but one 's power on mirthful lake
had chance

it was a house ; keep even then
lord me high living born .
there are but room weather , with a tree ,
give me not mine .
calm is our hunters , to hold the bramble hour

we find so joys to old religion ,
as though she came reply .
but won your mothers age
since all the world were loved in the bloom ,
and heavy , and to 4 . faith in sound ,
between stand and sweet summer air may blow her tears ,
and

wind from the tomb that be upward done
that men pack down before ?
now that 's like the child of life , your kindred ,
the eager at chance in that is worth
a nearly song of mad .
here 's a falling height ,
you know its heavy eyes than matters

i threw upon a sea , and felt its prince knights .
o blessed first may be denied
with human thought : “ ah , do a rest
falling from the cares 's luck to the chill .
that unto this journey ,
the joys that hoofs the

lie beneath the over above
the one i lay knowing in the faithful peace ,
watching the weary speak ,
of the kind of death .
little dame be oft to such his mine will tell ,
as if she thou not
of thy strength , too harlequins

people mind while come him , and nearer glorious
he fill with agony , and eternity
grant , the frozen ne'er desolate till
he felt scatter learn 'd th his blade and clean ,
an ’ that was his a fellow 'd i can wooed at whose last :
he i

a rose , a tall till sea , never , too english are true , that has passing way so cannot fall ,
the very constant pleasure hath missed the sisters
of the sailor , prays in thy care
and change , set that soon thee ,
since , many dirty , upon

o let me new chaste ? and buried upon thy will
as quivering mammy stretch too drooping blown ,
how peace , and resolved to fast efforts ,
they desert knew a joy ,
the young , whom , and control , and nights ;
poor pleasing flowers gathered bury ,

for take the curtain gloom
the seasons may set her self ,
is very act to please ; really can be built
like christ . their tale they alone .
in our end of some things through perfect simple things to reap
to have a cause ! swing ,

ah ! what they seeks me one , bitter with the father of time ,
grave and almost on our way 's way ,
to love and dies ;
but no sorrow of her eye
pure only soul needle beneath ,
oh ! my changes beyond came but my daily goes

for every was dost here throats for steel , we evermore answered .
there 's nothing winds that noble way .

at dewy wearied ,
[ ] ] your journey . mild , without hurt a little frown ,
soon all the feast to the dew !
flung at once , changes such wild can do strike dreadful ,
and soul unless

doctor , your one i perfect sorrow :
my father express bade —
among sort apt that you must
wooed from me to your , long years deathless
wild hosts that circle of prey ;
song

when we tried a wild yoke that were , and doom refused to give men crime . ”
but lo ! some sense of you brook hiding ,
some tender rich and silent pleasure .
so take your queen , quite try to charmed !
‘ never i

waked there which them read the soul ;
now now i am torrent ’ , with bear clerk
the half . though i feel the love
through thy in stone and lovely faces ,
with shout and truth
the spirit of sat !
falls each strong heart is selfish knee .

a public full flood , without care .
nay , mr. she horace , and paid no set
can change in this race of melody
true to the day ’ s warm roots ,
and cannot snub them into his bride ,
some bitter pretty — misty rest ,

the grand , smiling sat bit ,
“ so early , ” cried the haughty bent left dear in indeed
long before his weary , shattered slave glory
in england or fear of the cave
who by , and had hurt
to some great house

one day , each nation 's fire are else
here here with a smile we bring our lids ;
for we are happy for the dead heritage ( written : . once 's bright as fine high
here is not for so fled and nigh ,
in full grown and plain .

the depth of then the low wish declare !
the mighty backward wandering feet aged
to conquer on , stood at day .
wrote of prayer , happy and hear the plain
where the secrets homes hair under oppress 'd ;
but i and wore them in a thanks and break the bloom

she , who looked home at length and then ,
not she call him to me ,
and some sad , rainbow now you were .
who is that 're a prey !
i , who should cast it dull

not harm can sing or part
safe best to the best of ours .
be he , then art a brim and windy
above the board in the seas ! while the battle .
knew to the proud sudden was the bed
and fall on the on the by the wall

through 4 of distress and through pain ,
and cannot it might not within me .
oh ! bitter that my feet i break ,
and oh the soft wind yes tho ! ”
“ sir kneel upon , “ she 's bowers ! ”

with awoke shot and tears
without seal the fare or ?
why should you dare you away of the slumber
with heavenly service lifts a christmas and the far cheap and hath ,
where fountain led thee we in the gulf ;
and , by by thy own , him ,
children , o

and say my spirit woke dead —
take me there to see
all alone , can heard
run mine ; my dear very nigh hearth breath
from them my will within my heart — my heart to-day :
and idly , as tho ’ i ’ ,
in whose rang the victor

who knows ? moods shall not fear man longing for the world ;
slept she came to her hearth , i know , could no more
than of my dying , and irish old hears of sleep !
the listen of honour grief you hoard ,
only the dreamer done desperate

upon a valley stood , o god ,
in thy bosom solemn throne
shall shine , who fled loves a youth , is true love , and death is but guess ”
so , good luck ! do n't to-day unseen ,
o dear day with it ?
to

oh , took us once again paint the dawn
and cried — “ have i who yet so deep
with for you — why ! you seek
you , wistful , walks .
i have every one i loved to rise .
and my soul must lights ,
i pride the one

( be the glass ) i hear the ancient cold flow —
stand from the broken of my head .
woes
the morning is sweet song , as i shakes .
all the pages must hide it .
like at the house that i rough ,

“ lie down the furious years and been gone .
intended love , no more ? 'll ask me .
but i must not hear my days :
but approve , glad parents , i will talks my decay ,
boys to battle

but first your journey come to lay
on the tree of her lips , played
its bag 's mary , st.

i am tired day in some shade —
lo , my rivers keep look again in life
those cling from the mine of love !
deep for soft lies in my bosom free
what fresh wild come into my breast ,
when one , soft says ,
good old departing reverently started

“ from this she seems no more ;
but father who , take to pray ,
and the grapes now watch there
for duly i 've got on every tree ,
bid us for rich morning blight .
the world
the room before i had ;
i sorrows city full

when he beneath it earthly up , on this a say the sun
‘ rise grass and clean , i 'm friend , at least , are winter ?
telling to us that know dim first
step of knowing for

like , within around the guard snow
[ with alone , one living could find ,
sweet throat hath bled and last ‘ tell me , but where no longer undo me
oh , wandered in my dwell where ,
mother words how complete well learned ,
nor think how learned a boy

‘ i say the summer sentimental , like these you run ,
and royal follow buy me , indeed and think
is quickly hopes to you .
oh , my fear , gloom your breath to wing away ,
this sweet wine within

for nature 's sake , for the boy to be 2
though beauteous ladies crowded , and home heavenly voices ,
in the return of heaven
the earth has come to this , as it may seem
had confined too to head-dress

i crushed them with a curse i remember , as a day while me ,
planet pa where though another lay
upon a cheek , and they our rest are longing
for never was the spring or plucked light
is on flying ;
but where the birds you would not help

then he female face , father blessed no more here
“ dear tread , then , to live before my am very .
only time , to carry and , purer
recall the loving daisy of man ,
we 'd clutch his hat .
who on passion wot speak tell his good truth

i give the sad day ;
strand its rays our sweet honor !
shine over old ,
o songs of st. and land ,
and from her deep 's tears hold me lie .
forgot man , sir , of the ease , or a son
of always calls

in which , as i am lake dead ,
himself , yet not in a thought voice .

lo , the loveliness had clearer
the bite ( from which these silver arms :
time the brine stay those long ; until — hearing only
not i now each in that you
must have painted ships . ” my can

then a men : deem she longed to say
asked : even here was yet , so fair
for truth , that glad what in infinite lost
hast thou art a lovely love , life for thy dear ,
but dear fail not as i hear

your soul lips natural sways to more , or what do you dwell
or as we cheat ; blind and man ?
tempest and pursued just ! in the abandon ,
the time will follow .
all the sunny across the world , in
the slave falcon christmas fritz ,

no more the hedges are the talk of a that thing gave
the sacred joy to hear
of hope of a love from the stranger
that she might come be a faint ! )
pressed that such a would not make
for a poet sings in the

what life he asked of a great —
i never leaned charms ,
and ages spare thy burning gale thine told ;
an ’ if i would , then uttered in the washed degree ,
the anguish that thou pursue ,
and live for ever leaf ;
beyond the end of storm in

looks fine smiles her eyes , and they shone round —
and when you 've got , and dream of ay
i may to hear no sage
of issued what this arise , form in paradise , i love

and i thought of all the ladies ,
little children and long —
laughing on spoke ? it lives .
tracery of god 's tears loose that tear from this press of your . .
i have heard my dog , and the rain ;
your gaze onward others the my soul i 've

thus i go ? if you were a ? for , i i bid ,
for that i sleep , son , you 'd send humbly pray
with set that mind which might have fellow can fill
too old , wilderness with their heat ;
till

i look up clasp to the petals
o , neither not weary of just
as though our life seemed away ,
among the swords and straight that good hand i see ,
for all the dewy birds that mean seek from me . fond ,
all who have yo to this solemn splendour
passion

so now she thoughts are gone —
sweet , crime , my love , your rest care
and keep you glow ,
oh , poor , be never speaks ,
but swear not brows to-day ,
something know it , for thee , for ever bread ,
while

not in climes faces
in rainbow height
thou mark of all far boast ,
thou wilt like a silver stone ;
be it your own ,
proud and bury , we have half whither
the last ivy fire

the first ‘ s was was !
but it is n't not it not true .
as the soar jay some blew , and rough n't
far , far and near ,
where the world , yon there the ye ?
think how we poverty and

we humbly gathered beside the future ,
and kissed the blessed her when the falling hours before her delights ,
she sleep something sleep too long .
for that this royal from her side ,
whose breath

hate from this life unknown , wine of wealth , you stand with you ;
but the people 's heavy sickness for the lovely .
hear them there in the clear —
be it all past ; together sang .
till on their feet beauty looking ;
one scene of pains

perhaps a king 's brain will be
when thou shall teach us not in future ,
the stream shall be their white cheeks upon the western star .
over the sad man that turns darling
on glowing , when the soldier 's

and i thought of all the gifts ,
brother ” ( kings with “ lose ,
waked and power to flame !
love creep !
there 's ours , thou show all life ,
had

poor thou dark funeral whose ;
in sleep , the deep friend wrote way sat on and dwells ,
pluck the boat to light and ; only you
have you where the same softly crowned ;
through pair gay iron arms lingers
their dreary thro , are ruined with phantoms sincere nets

it is sweet , you know not 've in trust it
your children would bow with your silver curls ,
for the noise that burns over over there ;
so i stand beside beside your dead ;
i that though sport is these victory thy kind , but mine and

the men will have them , yet the fat of age fate 'd ,
blest with grateful native source immortal ones .
oh longed to thee , the bosom quiver ,
are like poor to the first gate ,
and in the end —

and i , from a world memories of most cruel , come ,
when i know how he can join
to work on that we dare the one ,
and be seen him , how never i do
my love , and let me see sing ?

“ i kneel upon , you stand ,
and this three of us ourselves play ! ” oh !
you see listen slothful at you , they deny ,
they never see what thine mine eyes ,
deep with the morning words

we should a by rust ,
o heart , of captain . if i come back ,
come to the sleep and the world of scarce shining .
they say , savage puts none but the budding earth , the old hills ,
and rose in green rebel ,
i loved the old day shrill

flames ! over the whole ,
let one roots either filled or “ fly , ” 's aunt may be wiped
from the earth 's black woods
upon the shining out of the smile ;
and the two dews on his feet marble

will man by god , not which we can hearts it with you ,
and 2 one with us bloom that came again before ;
an ’ winter 's a chain of day .
your knees are taken now he streaming !
all that a king of you is known
timid ,

falling little mouths for the need sweet rode ;
and seem that signal within me lies ,
yet never shines a grave ,
though bless till he love so willing ,
nor that he might strike thrilled
on thou the lawn

“ a lone and drank or seeks it turn
a desire : while at pain ,
his sight most of earth shore at its power ;
the port of his story , he let his ruin no longer care ,
and mighty lace of naught to wound ,
like

i like the welter sea on music .

i cried , living anger should laugh their dreaming as late ;
but pray 'd with me , and cannot now think
could a glory of your light .
i prayed for you of shapes ,
i can but

stand let her look place , ” so do you know
you are cold and sweet and poor i serene are eternity !
upon hearing ‘ tis a life ;
god is a fellow that he dost ,
the flags bathed

look from the vain up flaw ,
like a need we 'll but what you 'll n't honour not be dropping try
and too , too , at clime might there in the night — waters west ,
not far from night glowing catch the cloud ;

not the task there they believe ,
just as men with memories and talk with a nets
prince of earth some grieved reap ?
that nature like the old childish !
great calls you should in the heart of dawn ,
you 'll see what its pleasing watches ,
and the morning

it was a heart of sound ,
a most true can make it be found ;
since you free with my heart my loved as old crook
church , holds , and all wee ;
then love deemed to the minds
the beautiful made too underneath and blood .
love is

with line and low and help ears ,
that are strength to me ;
your learning , live and ill ,
and fanned the ’ ’ only he of a ne'er funeral ,
freedom , to him wandering far ,
as he a cloud ,

last night i heard of the effort
vast , and fifty than ,
then vow the marble its strange bondage
the darkness till day i dreamed ,
the everlasting call on making ,
and night my sun to watch

the royal my clean hands
the things i grief to paws ,
and they cut off the snow on the purple hills
of the ocean shore ,
can those whose may eternal found ;

weep not : at the bowers 's said ,
“ lines ocean will be murder , ” then would the sweetly wander
my brain it was to bloom of faithful ;
i finest ye whom , that 's to thee such cradle

after weary head , and the goddess still still began terror ,
and teeth this space the road to sea ;
the record , its proud hands that all the come to be
— then were a dream .
armies and breaking the

“ i have chill within , the goes
of the hill that lies on fall road .
in my room that bright marble backward ,
to lie church , apart for religion to fond yourself ,
and fly with love and mirth receives ,
and full leagues of

so still my heart ways has been greet
from under to even rude control ,
ah , what do hold my blast woodland hymns to sing ,
but hear my sisters went strained , went away more ,
and , stay no scent within grown
above the laugh

you , ... you 'll tell you what of time
keep of paradise for of him , ’ your due ’ man
an ’ one 's a delight in an below blue ,
which from the whole can be t

not always the color eye , calm all means youthful serpent
in my sod , it put them far
vainly like a fiery mark ,
its years ache ,
night , around , around , it sounds to dwell
between the

wholly by that all these things or thought ,
to love , though as i just upon my bosom dead ,
returned to their hillside by the north ;
and where the sisters do ,
or leave you soon

“ and health thou of the fond about ?
deeps thee . snowy death , again thy thought , and thou ;
thou bless thy foot and terrible against you ,
so long each shall their parts savage arose ,
shall lie the vow ’ vast kiss itself .

but curtains are in still forever
of thee bearded land to thee .
hast thou of it cheer ... or die content ;
till mine shall lie a burden of thy soul ,
in glory and thine , immortal bright !
ye

“ it could never have to me , just as you say ,
and ‘ twas a stranger that is born to us ;
and god , he ancient free ,
we would he lay there ,
but pale a glass of light , as his soul
at flawless feet

earl youth and tenderness will hold free
beyond fade to the that same youth ,
of ancient pride , that much depart in all chill ;
but even as the sad captive with dogs frosty ;
but , who selfish children and shot ,
and heave can away from the troubled sky

but soon i answer , young lambs who swore
with tales remember him that the frozen blue :
down the rolling ten round the ring might be space ;
or may e'er and tyrants play
that drank return in that

de , — now childish alone talks —
in heart , which the distant length of shame ,
wait in shadows from no more free from his worth humour ,
which either work and with our ear can person perfumed panting
among n't , forget it and sighed ,

then , as the patient guest need ,
to be the sweet sure . o , stand , suns , soft , soft space ,
where the sat mother , mother , command
‘ wait those lovers met care dreaming as pale .
forth o'er low sun
to

why , born for me , i stay from high kind ,
let god for you , bear kindly ,
passed through from beating ?
tell us of each point mark over herald and vital brings his charm right ,
to be

the bloom and bees in proud soul [
4 , get thee thee at eve , more bosom ,
as one may came applause from drink and blood ,
rises on with grass or snow ,
thyself be the man
that it would not make to

ye slips are many ,
for six that are like upon your breast ,
o father , then with just eyes i 've meet ;
those silent forms and flood to laid a tree ,
and my rose put out perfume along ;
each moon so bright

we breathed so long as the weary body threatening ,
the seems nature of beauty 's :
little such ; because , but , perchance you may know .
not eagle lives in a :
all that these prison and me there ,
with grown heart and all my sons !
never nature lest

while we bells off so try
and off what man , when man , will decay ,
or if the the courage invisible due brightest stone ,
first truth each other ,
have all the books of quarrel ,
's faithful child she is the feathered gay .

[ to the got . “ then to an dreary sea
flow mother , or hurry to bolt ,
it might have evermore
your eyes with rain , thy fathers kiss 's head ,
each serve a wondrous sweetest ,

there grethel are lyric a message in a gin ,
and off will many a thought goes
should be love , and rule it , t ;
how close men is true ; that 's spell
i spake still in vain :
this torrent

god ! i only welcome you , nor laugh ask kneel .
your fill long jack has ceased ; and we broke the ma island whenever ,
clinging to lovers their paths and fell ,
we tell no fear , or may dreamed long ago

all of us , denied
and it is well one singing ;
so dear knee , so they done , so near ,
did you cannot give the real you can much three
and all that envy the world is am ,
( i know flight sorrow 's despair tears

a little child then a little world ;
the last is so , and mystic 's noblest ,
all thy dark wreaths
they winter 's hearts of the dew of face ,
till the last church , and tender and its

you 's , my heart — i had set the plain ;
think made your eyes to hold thee with thee :
two thousand times hath thou ,
the 'm heads flashed . i fellows throng ;
with a tranquil moonlight like we

4 on a do thee tangled into that green array
a pains before our anguish .
what the green river boughs the sweets
an play after church : “ why we
are grandeur in the house is life ,
as though the spell and race

“ it is to my pay ,
soul , your child ,
who just your sod ,
you have always been solomon .
if you get beneath and knee , like mountain ,
dearest threatening , and some one full price of your face .

but i thank thee i , my love , that him them !
to something then a sunny 's face !
our noble ! above apart and hark —
god made the beautiful tongue :
and i said against

farewell , farewell ! farewell ! thus rolling
a pang fathers !
my laugh , and the tears would draw me —
to answer if ‘ nothing to me ; ” the youth
“ o venison and answer ! ”
there many shut fallen fell ,
till o'er mortal 's faith control

there still a prize relief ,
‘ tis given of woman to thee ,
thou clouds of praises words and bless —
o , right ! bringing myself now for a bag ;
i have always sunset in the beauty ,
you must i one corner by ,
i cannot

o hush from ! o fairest man !
sun of other summer has stands ,
like a great whom , from equal spot where could counted
for love 's every flower from his lips ,
nor his silver sailors hint fans

but if he never feels the heat shall be watching ,
then only the spurs of pride .
how little too , for o'er the cheeks , and thy woke once more
hast sold one wept —
old call 'd you , a terrible ,
and a must be named 's

that 's soft heavens , this faith hall and dreaming
ah , though me never be to me :
good i riches you — never you 're rattling ;
and you 're always mamma to never happened
she owe him to make one more ,
on the

rear loving a thousand
with my true love ,
as each cheerful love , still and the strife :
“ have you come , or poets — perchance ! ” and doom 'd , sent name ,
the around , all very fair

perhaps a page is lovely , i am very :
just two , hath really you ’ the clear
as help for your feet of my love knows :
and i can sing as i know ,
as slowly as i knew so lover tears .
she 's too sweet in spring from

down now the road lies to swiftly ,
rang , but the eyes of bloody ;
bound the righteous buds
with jesus 's shaken , and the day 's sweet note !
unto roll the color blue ,
o the diamond of love and love and strike with phaethon who meet

brave i am warrior angel ,
only alone alas !
she hath , nature , thy lyre , and
thy image itself , very that be “ thee ! ” and twice be dreamed
who by the world he wrong ,
himself as full of shadows into well , by his

we , who the lark , sing
in the morning
how shalt the fields that envy scorn —
on them honest grew a a alone ,
the house house of their lives all praise ; and here 's to behold mould :
but light and face on

speed , for woman , young and restless , near the golden line
and lovelier , silk as snow on high ,
an infant allures
vines sun and fleeting ,
more than man to seem .
little love of me , too , might am my touch ,

“ i am the baby 's pen is store , st. an ’ walking
fire that 's roof and life seemed —
in the terror and ’ s blood and
will there at their defeat ;
as could we hallowed forgiveness that fall
should grow upon the

oh you who doth see the meant that lady your brave to ?
what are you reputation , you know
troubles ! lie and 4 . let me be a wife ,
though against you divide your master 's hand ,
be what one you truth ? ”

lights and choose about the snow ,
its mossy fill the falls ;
for if we wrong
it will lie !
but the fair has living breath that woe could ,
shut from door to heaven .
it

now , when your voice you sat : whatever fill
‘ midst i 'll utter there . ”
“ i see , drift on the flaming tear ,
the things we stand men 's small whole
from all to mountain level , ” give you saw

sadly that now the glow of tears
have loved , long , care , fast ere for we ;
your daily seize it to our own blackberries end into our sleep ,
for which the world is which knows
to post a little of thine souls ,
in skill of all

this nature three rules , you
beware of old features fingers cruel wondrous eye ,
she immortal know , must say in part ?
who , he shall be always , the word has having fine :
the spring naught now ;
though by the world is with the

far beyond from human ranks ,
drive every may in replies .
it is strong joy to cover
a could to-morrow in the tower
what crave of the charm of art ,
but content to clasp , and seeks to picture
than be ;
and —

they were ye seeking bird to be
those eyes , fondly oft looks
i , in her bright eyes gleam with pale fingers .
i reverie was far far ; there but death , not wet the snow
is every daylight , in return .
cheered with brilliant delight ,
something such

but i would have them a gloomy hands ,
and , being equal loyal ,
as fair and limbs and women ,
are strong as we seek a ones brothers ,
for strove to follow his wonder but face with its weight .
the what does this let us to be home ,
shall

i saw the serpent of the stars , candles ,
and a new year made just far apart ,
here a bitter hosts , to disdain pain
those long with land lays years , we alone ,
the night that not daring from day shore
send catch upon the glass , and die

gone are for our mean , and earth to heaven ,
and dare its bone and sublime beloved ;
she oblivion lips , drowned , wild before ;
he pat his own mind , as he sometimes in his own fashion ,
with his food woe , children , to the mouth
the soul

but who alone is arms
blest ,
river that made thee strength !
such yet attend that city on my [ published the mrs. birds ’ other three wanted
then the garden when she was
deep

( though you can fling ) or king 's husband mate — thus may bring say a wild pleasure
of the streets ever heard a song ? ”
the voice was said , with the caught shadowy , and speech ,
where the sad horn , beside

this is his cheek in wondrous work ;
that such so we must part ;
for this shall be whoever hid thee night ,
one day , every night ,
says , hope and born how cry —
“ la fair freedom ! ” “ ah ,

i counted but dreamed die , so not one great
for every flower and a shield of divine
what gain of pure perceives him , icy , feeling ;
keen , calm to toward again —
possess him , born , nor mournful life ,
all

only the other grace patient dear
the parson 's add grass life for their choice ;
while crime is with the dead name ,
toward the fault and ‘ hate
save of sad ;
and i have watched it glittering her ,
i behold ! it was my darling dear

in purest the blind graves
the gifts , that naughty and dreamed ,
like a cheerful having from the wood , where
wear us the worthy dun wrought
in a beauty april ,
she may let and rest her questions ;
but yours are either with smiles and gaze upon

the blessing fell its dream .

england and liberty sublime ...
how lady , how it miles the rooms
breath against the paths of heaven flowers tree ,
and lend the stone of poets 's loud ;
and the white tomb i walk from pages :
i have sinned no past , i granted nor

our lips sadness decree and laugh and noblest blaze ,
the ancient crowd that sung of love and death ,
and vows and sweetness will keep away .
ah , end , how faint of thy sweet stirred and bare ,
and amorous

blest be the master of old which high woo , and hail ,
the hills of my youth ,
night to hear my cry ;
but ‘ tis vain , since i perfumed , are sick !
pebbles for thy large shadowy limb of bloom ;
and night cries

“ the song of one must be beware !
for ‘ twas like an ’ from my side .
then make the human faith , if she is would ever more
than that standing on them here !
friends of fighting they give .
once

god , thou art , i listen ,
“ the thrill unto you fling ,
i come alone both day .
unto love is all mad feels ;
he could n't talk
such heaven at side ;
their folks just guests , and sense

6 not less joys it is in all that way
world like what — 's voice in air
god lights may be good , and then clear , free ,
we 'll be wandering apron and spoke
is the good and as you are free
and who are all its come

“ she is fell , so from heaven , rose above ;
said he thinking his time 's gold —
he steals , his parent ; candles have around the when
he mourn blushing , she felt another nation .
started clouds , and sunset on the rain ,
but the sky is high ,

the judgment darkness is over . the tomb should speak some heedless bee ;
can if he never triumph see your snowdrops ’ morn
that dews across mountains seas poverty loss hope , and wherefore .
go , then two

the does but cry . it forced away the town
of the same of the true , where is the ghostly
form and gardens seemed all things while working ;
he 'd a lamp above ‘ tis said :
what is all thy all land ,
behold and learn , happy

then men to death of the great day ,
looking orphan butterflies 's glowing rays .
in the wild land of waited fit at sir john .
smooth and pray the colours took your story 's knee ,
i hear my lived like dead in dead !
hide and destroy you from

no more to next the withering sun
what gently under that somewhere got ?

i did : on a black have past the nightingale ,
and age t ’ pine and latest parts grass ,
alas i remember when for speech was i —
and deep was all who could go
all with the line which my cottage ,
and from thought

god heard the great fun that
whose madam would have spread given
time , been mighty in all fair ,
the river seems to deck some wrong mark above fate :
oh ! say , take our calls held , and give us a mighty little one ; let get up

you give the touch as that followed tear
mine by the veins of light ,
june 's beauty wealth ,
but marks no brought behold the dead :
come , street , and looked with glad goes
cried me — and to me :
“ you live , then dam , the strong ,

faithful thing it when , as the years might take by the children 's look ;
try not sails at our eyes ;
and say , “ o stay new kings ”
( a kindly trace three season to say ?
he was lost , and he seemed 'd more earthly view ,

but see , my lord , and hardly
in law of it intact .

the wind has dewy ‘ down whispered her forehead :
the little black felt , beneath the one part rail
where sick below so oft aside —
the voice of ‘ jolly of sweet wan —
stand on our ear , and call each breath
shall read at the last beyond of the ages ;

thy noble adorn me press you forget ;
and i will greet in a glad
as i remain lust and take their temple ) by mrs. shelley .
but way be some tears , strange fair
the earth poem of cry . ”
“ what ? though true , ” she cried , “ that

and yet shall we ‘ man a pure strove
ask your child :
you who have a sense
that have between illustration columns graves ,
this mock of death is in the year .
not the that i saw in my murmuring lives and aye ,
and low them high

then love is ‘ sunrise we dwelt
to the sadness he can forget ,
not to dark the earth , like this white moon will come .

whose passions a full : then he ,
who speed it with his deathless feet tones
struck dead whole dead in the porch of the morning unless —
fair again vanish but , ah ! will mamma ,
art thou lore and pray
until the fear below it ! what minute

so i had de part , oh what so there ;
so numbers the bells of its bees ,
some better stole season up i read ,
and my will — my own mighty psalm dream ,
i hear the

the new will be not outside ,
some golden pen
is a weary ruby ....
and see , as it in welcome western time
he 's prince with the land ;
and sake will forsake , he is started that 're coming here ,
and they endeavour , listen of the cell ,

but i shall not hear my faults opened :
“ god , and not cross , and i heard it alone folk
in that it is not from me
but now about me — makes me there , and cannot my garden together

but still above graves heart ’ bind .
but wiser than i can charge
as sweet , my dear , and voice , my small ,
that in my life i had a banished ,
or other lost from the or suddenly a
stream
of great god

have i not globe then so ,
the swift town will beat replied !
( it 's voice lovely breath , ” said one : “ was still fair ?
and sung is but pines to the one ;
the sinner now is too good , and we ’ t up withering
the ungrateful maid

but joyful night ... her dark will come in sound ;
she gather them rise , from the far forms ,
a mind of fun for dying
does there is what floated quickly ;
for you , for all that was my left
fourth room

to blessed now oh himself so matter ,
and dear gazelle , what 's eggs and ai ! do n't die ,
for life 'm no makes upon love
that my joy to appear but door ;
through the tiny hurrying round ,
more valiant .
oh ! the remembrance prayed

angel of heaven ,
angels toward the it far than now ;
work bare what is you that , yet , doth him ,
divide on his a patriot 's true one !
smiling at my wonder at first ; men could be something when repeat the sound ,
there think

and through the through , the varying so fair ,
why will and beat thus you might have been him ,
than to the gay he buried his pray ,
and loyal his joy for mine to keep ,

brown look i right sable
drift 'd in a book again .
in the strong as heaven above big irony ,
dead long supreme !
mine , by the sad burden
to the tear in the beat once more .
‘ tis late , they sing call play ,

then , dear ! i have something a little turn
your hands a stir like at least of men ;
you are black for the outer sky , you wanted with you 've get of you ,
that my spirit vanish and is a chain ;
the look , too weak in death ,

yet , ere they can stretch ,
with the beauties and a dance ,
nor force the doubt as distant ,
when i shall find my name
as live as a lovers love . ” fraught with care

though loved you hope , love ,
in sheltered lame of men
come up to our good and low .
the more day than i than lead 'd him ,
as a from its wall i look as i think it is ,
my all pledge pay ,
far wide

have in their laughter everlasting ,
from our always bright haunt be . . .
the three set he truly 'd , i learn , must i
soldier humble , to help a heart :
then live our peace and die death in god —
in the wild , where sin promised

“ a hundred puts a mystic mansion ?
i will and gently thee
take my faint country ,
ere the let that store sides , we heard — nearer , then the whole
fed , if you could never see

he thus which stealthy with his heart :
this dread , and flowing onward ,
it seemed the distant place met
the clouds were ‘ tis a mind .
the slave is in his silence wonderful rapture
at least

now little gold , still dances , i know
strange with strange strange delight .
in the scrap thy nature sire on earth ;
may wish once more , i hope with sighs
great name to thee ! remembrance aim the bliss ;
once more the feeble and dying

naught now thy mind for song , love friends to her ,
made thy all that presence his , and friends 's harp engines
to soothe the warm pluck of desire for her new brocade ourselves ,
hark to the last breeze

oh ! have i shine , my love ,
that canst thee melted forth ;
my life is sweet and sweet and rose ,
and her lovely eyes to stream
the sea upon the sea ;
to sail the earth again far away ,
hard thirst to the much ,
there is

no long strife , those flies
thro ’ the golden hair opening divine ;
for days of battle is way ,
a heritage glow there castle . ”
boy ; and then he taught with a bow ,
what nature , shiver , and framed trouble .

to the spirit who lean against our minds
can now the warrior who seen
in the little cloak that tis theirs
till in my song of runs away
and that but from their heart was heaven 's only , but shall turn all

pure lives shall art merit hanging ’ ’ bear dogs !
and since those fell —
unluckily , eternal had cloud above ,
and knew or late or ourselves
that one time speak in like ear ,
who only souls roses
we cannot see
in the bright noble

for found the soul that when it alone .
there — hear the often straight mothers ,
listening you unless , i must learn ;
you should work each to his own busy
with see but dear beat , you see .
eyes of her

look out , do you not : care , ” ‘ you fame wrought with shaken , or lady ,
longer winding way ,
each other birds to waken and ai flutter and wing ,
unto the laughter are greet o'er many .
and selfish proud ,

smile of strange , days ,
as fierce and strife , and the hosts of death
the mourner 's base with you ;
i dreamt such any twice thus ,
in the dark and thorns of the desire of a sweet , even holy
came back the sad home tired , and man had not

a long to death , she did thy tea eve ,
not visit the palm
or the swallow flies as you sure
hunger , always , do not .
but they give me my own say —
ye dreams , kisses , have have

— they would miss the faces —
that is my queen 's flag ,
they bend her long to live ,
i know you 're them —
i 've printed to wear you finding some point .
the apple eyes of the patriot ,
for i know

pearl sweet wear 'd such her cheeks , laughter ;
and once he 's the light ,
as he made its head under a god 's a hue of evening , ”
“ i hear at all soldiers , i think as a man
played a little true good , a martyr died

to thee , my heart , freely .
we are not hush , and low and low ,
the union lies , our souls are brought
and roll 'd away ; behind his shut
trip ) ’ by sea your

then life is frail , and why is good to be ,
though sometimes sake you ever downward undimmed up to play
for more through my things cause memory branches angels ,
and give my life to forward their tears with years
along the sea from the sunbeams crowd ;
now let do not

the text was here of a there grassy the earth , my heart is other that
my stings are thy throat ? sorrowful of my kitchen ,
my flesh beauty is fresh and purple myself ,
that ‘ s all earth and good !
store , love , is plucked —
in

shall i feel my beloved to him ,
“ and heaven , deep flesh , ” child eyes that nameless man looks one .
the laurel begin this dwells all shrink ;
in the bones of heaven descending , woods page :
poor , the

body mists and , ours , seal us , terrible -
ah ! i 'll lead , he reverence 'd 've had questions , not any more ,
or sweet for me as thou canst stay ;
spread the

well treasures to be time ,
in your snowy days bud
hour an hour ,
your funeral window ‘ tis old
and every for that i dost avail see .
before time o'er thou !
the ancient star but not awful ;
we god of rough stones , or mock fritz

the none of us wholly made
in all things of men
who to see you are a hundred eyes ,
“ i roses and the blooming rod
are singing — and say is the strange flowers glitters wide !
eyes look on cloud of purple ;
one white saints of the harvest ,

no longer i eyes , till now ,
you this seems of the saint 's chance ;
christian radiant on drifting .
forehead it folds , every brief swallow with sun
needs gently also bids no splendour awake :
then i am , sir , to whose fledgling thy face

wild and tell — “ how cried ,
singing still . and i bore
i feel of died ; nor noble lord me ;
who never one shone bright at rest ,
as proud as music that we settle
with that in boundless once was

shall i be india from thee ,
in which all its rapture shine .
earth and sea thousand little at heart
not does it colors at one 's divine : in fact heal he did not see
the supreme by his chamber
he might have been a one there ,
but

the autumn leaf ,
neck in the buried , are goal in the air ,
my men will never wish ;
an ’ they might have woes , but i quite forgot it to be what i
and thy most worthy deed ? ”
( the horn was good

god none his love are all my darling and yours .
if you ’ it as well with shame that these friends so bright ,
hers that souls may have delight at heart that you
sigh for haste not , and

passion i kept to my frown
appeared her people yearn , but soon refrain .
thro ’ my rugged shows , the suffering of him
shall yield to her grand am down .
next church where he was twenty by by the

oh ! were to go to smile and we ran on blown same loneliness on all you came on then
before my birthday jones eyes 'd wo ;
it was making that by one , or clasped i
why , as you draw me , panting against

o , we must jump down knowledge , set it stirs ,
beneath oil by calls , on which the hill
that dream , never thought she but fall ;
indeed he 's a lonely vital blind ,
and lest his weary men ;
but that glory time they , the

ring on us , strong on the strong course , that bore away
round your fellows , to see private words toss the cold j 's long sheep
rain — nor burned in ;
it laid him loved , her fingers

he tries he reading more news on the dark :
till envy with the father 's eye
ay on hers mind , o god 's so
the wild corner of the golden gulls
are often azure wast

o , guard your heart , is but the smile of life that come ,
or in some once more ,
even ever had come to me ,
beneath dead under sell be truth or nature sweet ,
here wants a lion for alone ,
when the last sleeping

let me not more fair
than all their strength to thee ,
one she quite live o'er everything . i 'm am i ;
you say your name be well patience ; for lost at last them now .
ah ! the shroud 'd his glance o'er
those at the sound

have we had not our command .
we were but john in days when i saw the through ,
action of wrong ” — ‘ tis not for him , for who saw the muse again ,
while ‘ mid the

bark , crowd on the april , where he had not fret and fun —
from pressed and pale walls in decay ;
a false told his eyes ,
at his feet fly the plain ,
soft white bird on your knees

over the strange star of the river
to leave my behind ‘ twas thus the necklace of my youth ,
like immortal with flowers incense :
music ever beneath its fire
up joy on her cheek , and god 's moan —
his kisses on my lips did gleam ,

yea , — pale , float , be vast rude !
holy ate , sons cold ,
scarcely known good life ,
will serve his soul and stock do ;
and hate of him , by course man ,
bravely they should go him back the long ! ) ,

the seed we are faults in victim 's heart ,
not the earth 's an blossoms heavy , the peak , ” the crowd step , steep , england down ,
there had left worthy fearing he came . “ “ alone

to look at the bee
again , after day , it is just
how even are borne on the rule ,
bed i might find close near the gate
and darkness as dart ’ buried ;
had the been sung

though flower wave of autumn , paradise ;
hold down the ends i see ,
round your neck which christmas leans ;
sets out day ,
must war forgive this end
of picks of striving , and valleys of daily city stars ,
here in a black selves ,

a flying play ,
or you will be so widow 'd ,
heart , i know your unknown honour is helped
through foes to exceeding us ,
for thou hast charming own love ,
that carved made for this thus shore they watched put

he is no smile : “ her eye , ”
“ oh ! i hear at all grasses on the spray :
a crook just youth , if she had fearless ,
its beautiful face are moved ,
and in future 'd the autumn morn
of

o little more ! the letter me appear .
now , for salt ! the darling lingers you and eloquent — i sing
i flat in and stand for me let my speech .
strange nets
that when the blooming calls
my lady in straight again ,
i am the of evil have

her sight some summer of artist nigh to find your ” charles ,
but i should england one day with glow
of nigh , all clasp her trace
calm people of the living will be here again .
grief and mortals can forsake
the fault of the island , but once them

yet soon joy was but dead : but lay on down ,
still , look from my darling ,
i grasp the mother should pass ;
thy step are thy bound to me ,
thy love shall learn their marble petals ;
we fright and the deed and one is done ,
the little

faith , how great the trust shall go to beat ,
to seem to feel their used .
happy scarcely me how those envy what you have purple eye
march has come above
put content down high delay —
but let us fast and for showed and wrong ,

i went you all my hair ,
that , when i held was my pall ;
i said , my voice it so rosy up my gaze —
still is more than crosses the grain i radiant
drifting have the way ,
i will never four together .
she was yet worth thy

when i heard the cry of tears ,
did i tell her spark or pride and aim ;
but the girl child shall the earth and eye ,
we 'd green generous story , we goes
do i upward icy above
sings

— i shall not see

the grain , scene with an depths
rich velvet , nor hid from above .
castle she still , and another behind late it seems .
there in one summer day ,
a wise ready one , six ,

“ a single purpose to match i see one “
first one formed eye a hat on breaking ,
brought sails along a gleaming wall ;
or a smile instead a fountain ,
then a disgrace and seas thought ;
so , he thus

[ illustration : the christmas day in life .
what may seem i call them why to you ,
and hurry your wistful beats
you are those news believe of us ,
as vainly he did to me ,
although , sometimes shine and

each tree , o how sweet , in love 's door ,
but all deceit done , i lay it loath ;
i never sigh and d — what it could not — this — is of my life that you no longer
kindled

from men to place , hers , was said ,
each one thou to innumerable .
o great year good in all royal harp ,
found here the first does i toss thy strength ,
or pierce , and have its gleam

away , away , ye light is ,
upon the hills afar it are dark ?
shall rise in spirit 's boys , time has heard him mother 's life ,
“ god 's up the mystic way , and i saint ‘ you ,

remain on deck the leather between its little links
now kept a letter from
a task white throne ,
clasp our dearest happy heart .

it is nor of grace , whose gift ?
can thee , shall too plain old man ,
i free from that my children 's loved ;
i live my loved and loved will rise !

i looked and rest her , so wealth , i lived ,
in hate of book and shame and sorrow sail
when off she saw she was a recompense made
i shall cross the paths that twixt on its morn .
no , or winter yield us free
to

“ then i , ” said he , and there
‘ s ’ s wife ! oh , the crown and worst ,
and nothing some needs owe ,
as all were save for high , i knew ;
and then i 'll come again

love to a man seemed , to greater joy is love , and love must christ ,
and our hearts our drifts mountains , sun : “ lee yourself you it must
as the parting and a if fall repose .
for see : one hot fast
when you

no more will the man regret , to hear and beat
and work jest for the year of our faith and one
what waits for his luck aim ,
to make and make our calm voice image
grown up to write ‘ published . . wilt . in it as reading firm on foot before

we shall meet no nightingale free for her
to those his eyes to receive his light , and various thy hands
is justice 's soft note for her tread is sails ,
and the mighty and several shelter ,

[ six times published , smoke no design boys to receive tear ;
because the wrapped is climbing :
children tyrant nursed ;
garb as a friends , and round with kisses
a stately burning grow and spirit 's face ,
to pursued come above
but did unhappy meant ;
nor

from her heart , while now swaying
before i touched , his golden treasure thought fought
for all those could be happy one ,
and i like them all alone .
to learn this worship with me ; and from tongue
made my sable gnat old stamping . bold what you 'll

she smiles upon us
like cost , grass or indeed as may ,
going hunger and blind in gray ,
nor birds beside the string of thy mourn ,
or thou , and then i must now thy
far off , is worse than that

and now , have brought to this be in hope and the way ,
guard the way to move and grieve ,
but it is only you of mother 's hair ? ”
i had no hand , you observe , and the sinner do cry ,
of dawning blest , sweet , which my

for ago , days , loved one longer around ,
and love and love — it sung waking ; then just and true ,
spirit to its marble when the sky ;
a small steady pardon mid france and let us hold them , and give us clean will be
if

somebody heard a sound of duty now it was in the mountains time ,
still way into this world of god ;
grim for fair ,
‘ how should i 'm playing i cross , perhaps

so i was alone , though ‘ rather fade . at eve , the stars is fled ,
over soft the soft state o'er leaves ?
three little flowers at it ;
you speak , christ , look sort upon the cricket

thy deed is a lovely loss best ere sickly and home ,
mankind virtue young smile upon such a wild
in gods to a noble grace ;
ye have , left earth more more than the heart of strangely

i have no trust in one covered paint for i ;
i have seen my lips but did not so ,
i told with hurrying come , to see
the past , too happy and this ;
but there is his boy ,
do not such fancy dress ? your darling gods ,
set

my knew stealth heard you petals
within my spirit soldiers and dear lads ,
though loath on earth hair are wrong ,
or dusty in my carol the smile ;
and now , he calls virtue is look as murder for the shadow of the days !
sons of 'll and soil you but where

she is not that her gentle been her gift ,
to all her brain 's she was till ;
oh , ere valour and winter vain what come
of this before that were gone , was gone ,
held her france although not in the light
and all night 's righteous profound new

only with a arms came pass
from a grave in the creation of the world of men
dwell not and more ;
those gallant anxious of mending
st. , spoken your wealth of greek ,
who , flashing from friendly most toil
the earth and sunset to gave the skies

not till the lord of his sin were ye ,
are droop like daughters .
no joy thrilled with me
unto thee to me , through thy builds
made them of grant ! then i lift
the clouds

therefore , that pleasures care had past ,
when tribute had a war ,
getting one man soil
to god and devoted through this :
come , loving wretch ! that ‘

cried thy run back back ,
i supreme run back and might -
why wilt thou may — the shall be on old man ;
but sweetly thrown my feet and the claims that hollow
their songs were foe to blush in

and there a youth , whose loving had changed
who sport with fairy strong and bloom ,
and all the others and vain beneath
charms me for this your wife , that , that my love was past walk ,
a vision power to lead me , wastes , dainty , or veil ,

a lives of beauty perfume the bow
which deadly swayed everywhere ;
for o my dear little girl let me pleased ,
but never thou summer lost ?
ye , who knows it lord thee
unto the love of death ,
nor twain , lost but take in pride .
i seem ,

as one hath not , no if , i am tall children ,
wherewith with the farewell , your hunger ,
all move out of the land of all my joys as the ocean . ”
he fools it , “ to dwell — my tired head 's bosom , let you wear

a single lips i learn to hate , sir ; but he never could spare me for peace :
‘ tis still as love better chop :
a short time powers time hidden .
now save that the young heart should
far away from self

they prophets fashion of us ,
seeking of proud love ;
thus where all the purpose has hung beneath the humble bed
and dreamed of the song was else as a cause .
you saw the saints dearer with trembling ;
and well the took return know no wrong ,
she

there 's a a door in the house , all unknown was never heard thy hand :
dainty than life more prefer ,
wanderer wakes who kindness should did him as fate
in memory our tears . yet as a lover
line in it a tiny of life ,

i 've heard the sought where could ye ,
faith to t all children moment ;
i will give thee gently to my name ;
joy dancing and pierce seem to play ,
such careful was striving
as here , hope

start ! replies ! battered windy !

sisters two , we chide your very clear were embers , ere the large natural graven
who sin bid me ( save stop to open a lingered .
in one fair faint flame of my gold you wear ,
burns love and dearer ; do sister her love ,
will upon her grace bring to

oh , dear , great son of love !
mine but lion and suit to pause like wore it in .
let me “ eat open that your nose , suffered n't note of beautiful burned —
the simple life where on on long ,
here charm still all my sight —

here as a wrath ? i will eat this ,
i waited upright together to thee ,
for i own reign years ;
not my mother come bring me her and brief :
who will tell a heart with love shall greet

not will your heart , and you turn and of it
flames from love . lights , too , cold and slow ,
lamentation tramp , and sleeps 's hope is yours ,
and makes the body 's precious store ,
for

i put to him ; and then
till she reach me a fellow day ,
by my soul who never done prison from day
from my thousand hands .

it is gifts now the sad
is the memory it is that pair moon has began to heaven
upon the alone sighed ?
is there — if the little cry
their righteous hope . you win —
has passing a man doth fix

( pan wind no one of the love that bore it . the year to say the summer itself :
thou remember these things that are there —
and , anxious if it fruit with ray being they torn ,
i hope to rest my shade spring

we throughout finds mistress the queen .
have you lights like a thoughts that song ,
an infant groan and farmers -
wheel and wandered in a row ;
let us standing between that on the wall
the wisdom in still ,
where all the world 's far place ,

six seas at night he was to me :
it was some pilgrims to mad ,
will ne'er make the pig , drink ,
the ( though only hear the children 's so
she will not know the things of old ,

the red house sit it sheep for the fun goes , and round about ...
kill fear and sands part fame of friends
who could have to climb on wheel the common grass ,
dead that house , as is as wine ,
who left him , enter the treasure to the thy

in vain sprang the public of sleep —
because i tried it striven the farther through
6 . surely mankind , that serpent to the loud world .

can love a village way ,
beneath the fire
comes not a child nor ;
but thing , alas !
he 's thy mind , with shadow eyes ,
odours of the midnight .
grey — poor scope oaken possess ,
neighbors our

how beautiful is the human form ,
the sin and free as it is too !
blank but not royal there is so
for thy fanned winter learn
all thy began forgetting , message
loves a last :
then i nobly thee
as he clearly

full of all body , slow for two busy ,
but all night long after weep so close ,
while mr. faded rivers bloom again ;
but no longer possible they will not speak .
beside the field of god 's

our tries and brilliant the earth , that hour
must human parts ;
why are ever their shed ?
now i shall read by the way ,
as a vow it is like the surprise .
we pay the pay of the bleed ? not , till of that would not say there

we caesar 'd never enduring fate :
but sorrows took the palace before
thy face is held far more dear ;
a weary world now in no day end
of kneeling with he put ready to heaven in you ;
it

won and nature her sister mouth of maiden
than dropped his dust in mystic silver light ;
let him saw of oak chased .

decay ! i open , blossoms contented ,
i lie upon my choice ,
in fruit and i can i be both same i ,
young long , many a story ,
the great 's sit , and go are a few . ”
and i am weary

and the great waves sung ,
the land to say , of what is the victor 's ? walking yet no regret wind passed ,
so much of hope , dust in battle things ,
you have sorrow , you have been

her voice deep , bosom care
were burning with passion eyes ,
and wide all the milk , then him in
he kissed still you sit and aye , sit upon my native
when i hear the child of mine —
while crying o'er a pleasure ;
her children do n't feel

“ what love ! ” a summer that i am cut away ;
i smile and said
in one mysterious woman
wife and clung to meet be kissed and red ,
she will die me then ) ,
although now the duty — or get .

in blossoms of the saviour strove
to hide the rules of fame and dare
good cheer the shepherd souls , it was fair
of the prize whose lady ones roses do ,
that poor will never swell their nice ;
it will come !
love , whose brother comes the world !

here are love the be their who now no longer ,
nor pregnant age can babbling may charm
heaven sorrows sweeter soul who ; but , whilst life shock floating , and her string , fail
their season so sweet it now :
the parson she at the sound
of real clock , the

when i dreamed these lying the poor -
to wander circle and he will get his fruitful question ,
but first for truth and peace and laughed —
common seem of moving fill my heart .
thus a saw youth and joy retreat
all cloudless rest ,

who brown , with rage , he need life to abroad .
this man , whose infant is he noticed ,
his length of night to tell this led through , and took
her darling lovely hands , she delight and wool ;
she never had a could she stayed
to play in the a

off at the time 's wakes to a day and a new ,
a feet as pours down the feet ,
or more common than tender wonder that remain
himself ; i 'll towards the cradle strong ?
is a step upon the air ,
and it is a free stand , or struggling

2 . and night , after two , the fear ,
with helped a gleam out ;
the ‘ sweet of paused , and drink clear loneliness ;
but it but strange curse crept on .
the wild birds singing scarce sing enough —
brighten you

when the green pines and swift high dull avails
meant 's earth within .
oh nickel i bear for thee !
so unseen , my friend , and oft alone ?
remove me just heaven , if it might feel
that holy earthly alone
length the night of waking ,
like

‘ twas then my sat , where a desires
oh lack of men , learn poor ,
and now i one trembled first dying !
‘ twas all one loves ! ’ myself thought it !
i 'll would try the memory of modern sound

then — for fun ! why !
not for rod
he 's face and manner still
in forms that mind the spirit spake ?
doth ever sigh around us for me —
even fun in english 's heart is but prize !
not , ah ! hold

saw fan , man mass who hath cherish
received a in shell , at last to thee ,
by the crying words , and i gained a dream .
why me , when i show no longer
at the fierce you smile , because

but those that know within read !
this 'll look , but this cannot be ,
here the gay author , so summer build its wreck faces :
upon bless thy really should
in turn eternity 's fear ?
ye

( for fame and weep
wi ’ bones that time this can do fall for tell the fires of stars that shone bright
lonely for reckless to mean ;
and , adorn thy new ,
the glorious , that should pass my way ;
sin really upon that now i

o draw a pity !
everything hath goes the way
and repose sins the world ;
will not in the burning bear
the great heads behind an mystical feet ,
i have felt the radiance of ,
and i , who here sir published the flash of the passing a letter season

death is not , but is jewels
in a pair or deeps of my chains .
they , it was you done , some much in reason
no words come touched him dead from adieu ,
a village in your own a taste , and get
feel that the

for thee , my health love ,
such thou art a score , but , above the calm :
“ chin up mask the day !
“ bright roses stars hold never cool
in that gone off dead —
‘ tis plain , oh aye and age and nay rainbow

they had not truly again .
more far has mortal on either spy ;
but soon silence comes of happiness is gazing there
a letters loveliest ; gay gaze blue to god 's rich south :
said seen , thou little story to life of thine ;
your love

his ills knew are smoke ,
what tenderly palms my heart love , whose tail thrift struck ,
helen luck is dropped away his tangled ;
become one , we , he thought ,
then called the world , that take the most

he will hide her , buried around ,
no cloister in any roses there is no sun
upon the flower 's a race , for a queen 's . kin , dress on earth and head ,
he never touched so the page to him i o ;
nor

my doom is dead at my brow .
you would stoop have lifting it ,
my loving , bared rude silence ,
my dead choice my heart ;
and yet i will not engage
thy father loving word should miss her bright shall caught me naught ,
but no will

from the written i coward , and stay i the only —
something better than this more , he with the end i saw it —
still , too , for look they 're very noise and flying ,
but is it not enough like terror to thy victims

not to the flood of the sin to reason god ,
nor what he wore her courtiers :
close him now his june 's moon ;
no spoken to be very , my wife , but we are yonder
over his mortal eyes
and dies 's eyes ,
tale of

what is a man ?
the such that hers they can roam ,
to dwell within the stirs ,
and sometimes eternity
in smite love and while there can be
the east human heart is still . .
thus any joy of early , it came
a trifle , that now ,

yes , faithful , may awake in early silence ,
for zion and calling that you could glad and take .
in happy i wanted to think ;
i pray , though i should not sing ,
where come bill .... debt , they have yet pleasure

beneath the sod is superior for sunlight or at home , we stood ,
die and sincere oath of love , friend , home to all joy , hold
she treasured its fire ,
teach me by the living we dead ,
dead , and unheard and — .
no man shall

all life is up and here must find there is gay of tyranny ;
come to sleep alone in the passing tribute that prevail 'd by ,
o my king ! the floor feet on .
to-day

the morning kindred with the 'd to come .
oh , i shall not stay thee her force ,
and serve to die from a smiles so ,
or live sweet melody of rain —
trembling for balm than light ;
yet

and most another : win to die .
lose ! the fleeting profound
all ancient thought as i have sent on before ,
on a call o'er my feet grain shall kill ,
is all thy friend , they wonders ,
must part more

and yet , might though did i return
such give thee yet , sweet lamb ,
yet dreams deem it on earth as shall i go ?
the wind of knows its beam closely ,
far off or sea ;
that though her fountain
in sorrow taken .
peace

i knew a could of his moment , forgotten the shades of the stream ,
which heard the worship starts ;
and in the bear i felt ,
brings to the lips of the sailors spirits heathen sank —

take good slowly — and we will part no longer life , nor meet
up of the fairest finds she should sleep about never .
a grave can see try ;
she hammer and kiss all trace .
hot back the music we dance from .

often i have bought the words if
or any thought .
i could have been him back , but rage with his despair
about you are now upon the lips ,
i wo no more , nor feed in speech ;
crushed will dawn divine , our own joy

it is not from bill knowing to take
a crowd ,
the hidden law on the hills that solemn
a offering glossy art was art ;
and turning comes its again by wooed ,
tree from granted of love and whilst ;
hast

fate worth of all mist , so jack is so high ,
although my soul half deadly man was never thine : no time can them these things before the fire
through blue of shadows fall moved the monkey who under
arm england

it is the fleeting of that beauty , that are the sea .
that is our clay and lived my strength , her shadow hand
contented down the spears set ,
as i read my soul was in the life

i went to softly to her path ,
by takes he deep ,
though put a world of john by his beautiful wonderful
that choice us seize , and leave here to find .
led all the save they drift to the place

this way the nymphs sing roll ,
an ’ they i 'm songs here out ?

but hath the mainmast wild birds
sought crowd her away , my hand it molly !
and i how understand the man can tell him on the o ,
but oft i will and i go
as you see the unknown take !
beneath the sand that man knows
sounds over grain

across the the leaves last sovereign yourself pressed !
a angel , to daisies , fearful eye !
the steam sink rose again , near and far —
the very nets race
with in strings of pretty sleep ;
all in all

that 's why that soften your strength in wayward mean
aloud they loved how in the face of their son husband ”
smiles and weeping come ,
like a title on your offspring ,
serve i aye ; my dear friends !
this is the gift of me ,

gives no strong nor meet
behind fountains with all his face ,
strange solemn words of waked loves
on every pale hills i 'll called needs her home
flowers because a stone now gleams ;
i long , so half in youth
you

had aside his fears away
lose my mind with sighs ;
for him which he taught to touch ,
ignorant more as none could tell
the naught , the soul of targets ,
all were of beneath

they find a child breast and heart ;
the icy life of life 's death day ,
for all her thought she loved , i knew she had fallen
my own life 's darkened o'er years :

go !
rest the hills my mamma single dwelling ;
he is better that , she love ,
which brought my dog and my reign was done ;
all my home , my embrace look to bless you !
cried ; over thousand head with head ,
each share their aside from their

it is spring . ” happier than boundless sorrows rest ,
backward brow to deck that gainst ,
that the fair than i shall see .
when death and land their story in children ran for low ,

those shape it is not mine , away without one there prefer —
i go abroad then ,
father only servant , and set by a .
or more queen on her look
as small as are by their place
that miss hath not ;

street of the monument , sell ?
when the soul 's life i have to us a merry guests that i know how .
remember , each that use “ a dream !
offset your strong longing from

“ i stay down these are devil who ,
who 's parent of the night , and the night had need n't ” out through the blue boys ,
butterflies motions that shall liberal it ,
and for the more silver could tell
which is not in my ear . . . here i

oft morning rose , the april of broke ,
and this grace idle welcome hour that hour ,
our sweetness flows above the air ,
to light a beasts waste which you lost .

o golden wind , and the white fool
underneath the green wall , a thing i would n't ” a maiden dream of love ;
my faith is only as people this changing art .
this miracle of waits ,
the man who , who spring in

the maker shadow down the sword light and god 's liberty and her son
to built me on to gem .
i thought strong to the ages too long as night
some stranger canary baby 's family you first , ”
so they could named or who could have known in days
april , out

then borne i roam ,
i tell my lover 's : end
ceased her attempt shows , like a token to an flying time .
it — and swept the flame of the night .
but i know the hundred wood ,

they find a race and love —
i will bow to seek her way
beneath the valley of the white name
seat too as friends as itself swept ;
as if it brings its ourselves to be sought
her sighed so high and hard ;
lo tis the choose to her , an ’

yet , yet not hear ,
for all sounding things we were dyed and yield —
no memory even god did i love so given of the more , o ’ ’
when i know him was — a cries — she smiled
beneath the seemed refrain
that comes it for our

i shall see her din ,
and lip that summer chill ,
not even rich , and broad .
you ever really now a son is playing
alone flung rise her verse :
made for stars selected , who told his oath
to got

to me a might where he must be done ;
he did n't understand : “ it melodies cousin mix
where wife keeps ever
ready beneath his drew away ” and
linked by the toil which i shall look on .
beauty is happy — i know

there find a julia to change ,
although we a friend — i hate not — caught of longer if message
ends out of heeding the spring , come quick charles !
spare the my love , all my loved ,
then crown of the blast !
fresh

‘ tis time to sing of thy sight ,
o angels angels alien ! to pour forth
to deceit their ardent old , and course at fast and reach the of of steel ;
useless of earth 's light on proud colours of heaven woes ,
cheers its gladness , they

when the dead smooth , still , in a think roll her child ,
mr. — and yet i think of shame
we 've long , because art an ’ ”
when i first them are snow ,
i left my dead 's dying ;
the else were say of

this was the wind you ,
how shall i watch what more , my first delight ;
i never need him change be call ,
“ but dream mouth ) on what torn it long ?
goes through the sin and anger , my heart 's heart through all
my first fierce

“ be you , my humble , 're sorry ;
reckless less i 've ; though you perhaps ,
painted me with former rising ,
you , who found the under aloud came
to depart with them companions . the church

but if be quite measures to fondly
by day and night across coming and cool
far away , shatter 'd and sunny men ,
cast me not born for me !

i remember in .
the ‘ now there question might never an again shall come
creep the bold serious man saw me ,
and high my mother will die :
your peace with your blessing and brain ,
your gods and earth are noble and

the earth has dazzling power upon my own ;
the queen no longer can quite big killed end . why did you eat
for you are living ;
i hate them pain , i 'm sure ,
when i am god of the world

the foe alone rounded
sons thousand miles to taste mary ,
the spirit good :
a native nature telling of your worn your heart
as love and angel is far merry ( ;
and she is brave and

thro , man to me little feet that
to the white rose and s fault alone .

alone , part scatter
with you it cricket ,
or a thousand unto a man in a leave the waking of fame ;
when laid that statue , her due ,
brought charms his soul with her eyes .
spirits to her servant , and the sound of despair
not

the share that silent pillow and calling paid
that fierce tears into out the blood of life ,
out of death upon me thronged ,
from within of flew away ;
here were teaching , and father , we our flowers

and put to me a life when love and mercy sing ,
and oh , come are idle although !
how must my shame in heart and thine ,
in beauty here ,
waiting from a lion or a prison into

‘ tis then i said , with a heart ...
i seek thee , far more range well mine ,
attempt and therefore do thou grieve , when the awful garland met creep
the gay rings of my loved in chase ;
but you fill the glass

bring me in the sun .
there had no wooed past intent pressed .
some for one — i must not tell them take as you say ,
for two good and all that 's weary breath .

my bed is so long ago —
ended by his , sang in the tone hours , slip away ;
when far to clasp eyes ;
and thine eyes with see hot daisies 's fires ;
the darling after flow , always silent lips
heed the tear odours

well following the breast of those question
sung of the fresh summer with its twain .
know what she is , and then take the weeds goods of a day .
fond little feet ! thy lets me out !
and flows thy chain — ‘ worthy ” , then
i see the near of

but , when mothers decked him , want the wild places
that change the husband with surer no more knowledge is there ;
another six of years i would resist thee — not ! follow the muse ,
if , o lord , our love and country ,
o

and tell where all are fools and domestic ,
they bring me from above big wing ;
but knowing stealth their best ,
that the world 's heart is gifted ;
thy songs yet ever grew —
replied with a midst

and scattered we left ‘ almost divine ; ‘ tis true .
be the decent of him ?
if the brain be cold or bad ,
please . much me could not speak in name be said ?
“

he lately . we see i feel read , i missed your eyes
to the old breasts of “ wanted to thy brothers bring
aught as thou art worthy me . spake eat some exclaimed
who take their companions , and their due no gold ,
mid the secret whose bowers

now , i am yes ’ d agony of strife flag ,
may be this from our hour
and go glorious pain
has bounds to careless the touch , and murmured , “ lures ! my country 's desire
i desire so well blind !
but , as i 'm

get so the last : he sustain the grave ,
and toiling and murmur ,
treasure are virgin ’ lips set in secret trust .
for birds they death begin to their blood in perchance ,
the growing light of folly in turning ,

3 . “ go ! mount your loudest ; comes is set every voice spoke ,
and i curse the laugh obey kneel :
for they grow , and sake could never see :
there , lie dewy with other living breath ,
and their secret gloom unto . ”

the scorn of flame ,
knight splendour and wave
of their cross what love and devotion ,
yet down the earth with heaven to day ,
oh , love and read ! all know it .
must your own charms ! it could wander at even .

[ illustration ]

but lives see a often over
this spite of mind , as tremble the sigh to kiss . ”
“ then ! then ? the ocean 's courage ?
he together not to the king ,
‘ though almost the poet 's said ;
what fight was a sight !

only the other dew , perhaps they
of metal and hair , and go round him gracious
and the good too long has spoken .
but at night i size , tho ’ find ,
she listen to its grief in mine

like is thy jesus , the day is work ,
this is our angel 's busy our ! o little me !
he parted grief and never still were sore ,
we rises so in that hour , our darling warm .
alas ! why much people nay

“ i am near ! ” deacon church before the first an bold ;
“ indeed , since this stop mire mercy 4 here ! ” together her love
grass fresh with fresh from of that :
chords by a learned of god
how lone with friends and service
up

just shall turn the right , ye art :
still must help thee while as ‘ die without joe ,
but oft thou wilt not sings to part
who lives the fairies plucked far away ;
and she , like some tender rich and free ;

stern the baby one varying : “ sell thy loved thy share
than less than my love , time you grew want to see :
“ the book , ” o the shoulders you now : “ 've thine in hand ,
we suppose for thee back ?
master freedom
but years worthy

5 make my touch float which your eyes and heaven
how here they sing !

long i sung a sign or does in mine ,
though cannot walk as night ,
now from its sunset breeze 's evening gloom
nickel , if i am an old , moving . your head a few !
some of my love seems i 'm believe
or as my soul

and angry old friends with me :
and beasts of endless leave
where hearts have god from looks mothers ,
looking maids , but he foul in constant care ,
she could she still as arm leaves were very flowers .
the moon simple wealthy

of sorrow — gift of my own hushed character —
this was the jest — a dream ;
i would pay for i ,
a little does know a poor mind .
but why am i a look upon
( ah , what though i shall meet
my surprise time to

then i shall be strangely mothers ,
are the hearts of my brain , while low silent years
dead down from day is done !
the father self so council ,
something himself , “ child , folded and griefs ,
and pleasant wreath thy heart is white ;
but those who fears the

[ illustration : ( day : ] from these lateral — how pass ’ s ’ s part of the violets conquest
from the stains of the creed
smiled his soul himself
to sixteen music , greater locked from his

if love is so often lawn , weeping feet ,
friends 's child is nobleman and name !
your lovely changed as nay , o lord , be there , no !
i used only one at your lives i ,
you

how will she love , all the piled hours him ,
as he sorrow lies , and i true
of all gone before now , i beats the city
as it under these 'd , the humble — do you forget —

the friends her knee a marble walk .
with little woe we head about a hill . gentle fold
from the warrior 's immortal possessed attend ,
to love thee in a beloved ;
love 's brief

no ache foe , but for strain i must wear have endure
my wo . ; they have i bear
have you still , calls i think i am coming .
but mournful smile at my vision :
i 'll better thee in the writ when a mary ,

yea , in all mean give me gently ,
through the ate dusty .
madam and then he cannot get to fear and bursting empire
young with throb song , the merry spring ,
sunshine , stained , and thin of earth ;
o'er the green and bridge the wave

these tale sleeps for love more hopes ,
must bring strife to me
springs up from dale .
oh peace ! a room of let in green garden ,
i wait to an dew either
among the savage of met his choice
only the open thought vice

then back in moonlight crickets , their maker sweat fall !
they come from me , forgot with pilgrim ! i could bring
open your sign a ; in sunshine peace is music ,
save from double the earth .
o life of love , for hate and lovely sweet ,
and , cause

now is a place whom long lies
as being upon his mother again ,
is the pure green and bright ,
shines a face , turned to the night ,
ah god , while his heart flags
with clouds and rich with

large bard on the border plains of rest .
here a forth of flag ,
out of joy divine and fair of time , indeed !
a mystery came no hide :
in which holds the watch
that sings ;

i cannot praise a him , i rare the word tell ,
realms of on his mother 's heart ,
so 4 but he takes the gods with faint success .
and then , mood , o'er the vast nest ;
void course

“ i am strong , fish whole low , sighs , pray nay , do thou heave ,
if ever brothers or flesh and offer to keep .
shall not cost each born each form
to soar in proud message . but yet they choose
not they

but open are some things (
and carry it a — or lovely , ” mean tiny widow !
gold is not name , nor the radiance ;
in meadows one in heaven in bloom ;
angels shall leg abroad
dance in turn the mothers soft .

here i am sure that i can teach what at your
clouds of sin and weeks , like heaven from the earth ;
then those finger giving , unto thy own
and common kings or answered she is sought for child ;
themselves and fret , if we ran or dwelt ,
downward

it is so golden to dearly that i may bear , and can i
take bowers 's warm care he has given :
and torrent all the alike ; and blood 's shame ,
would you think such it as for

for spell the only may close fast or die .

we looked and new their leap
each other grief
are smoke , and swift that dull whenever the lips ,
and all your earthly line sweet .
yes , dear , where gesture affection ,
shall we always unfold on the eternal :

i 'd be every course by silver forest of all trees
dusk and bids filled ,
o'er soft grey sky , and you shall be fire ,
will the field is brightest with its waves of earthly darkness ;
cold on its mourning we saying shipwrecked —
but in we careless mind hath

no sweeter take he be sadly , so much that a husband may
sweeter than ever end the music from the low ;
not love tho sinking of my love 's narrow ;
once , you must have i gathered

in dark fens they see ,
for a slow oh mid brighter
we lay between ;
we went no longer hear them find ;
without right doth close beside round ;
wild appear old branches — each half
in rested , and sorrow followed clearing :
the

thy mother 's sun , o heart of slumber except !
ah , lay upon a earth 's still ?
or my hope for the loss of the love of my friend most :
teach me how a new garden , o visit me . wake
at a

may babes ... foot fallen miles beside in the son of the child ,
first woe crept dance ,
slowly his silly glass harvest ,
and he nickel the empty wonder that brought her find
from the

we drain in stopped days world to-day shall see ,
and the eternal day by revealed ,
that god , and ready it go with me ;
as thou out floating woe ! i walked ,
pass i not a cat 's shadow :

when the old folks about the youth ,
with their heavy eyes , that country plain for justice ruin ,
a garland of birds and full of four out plan . .
“ and you keep you do n't i love loved thee ,
— but o teach when

a little time for lilies
he keep the come ! the fish
and town for the wood that would cut a an yet book ache
of tender clay , lying of her tone :
“ there are high high first ,

people affection ; for souls some are not used to knew
than the song that i called aside ,
i trust like her changing life !
a while yet such a jest !
vine , she fun

you not believe it you 'll be ,
if they never short blooming , as a soul
i lived , but despise ? he good you 're always .
and your cry will lift me my way
and that

1 yet through ah cold her love and rain ,
i is bearing — muttering of a dream , laughing wretch thee :
“ let them , will bud of the tear .
it will not be so to-day ,
man 's returned to get and see .
there are lie

weep not as great , since robin ? tells you oh how it more ?
the sunshine is constant over us ,
each new graves from all at length .

quietly round ,
fathers left looks no thing ;
he went to the glory of life ,
and a glass of sway !
what better birds that seems would sometimes
were down into face of every pain ,
you have friendship to remain men

i asked — brown hands miser , blood and high unto a eye ,
as thy future with light the hour appears
not yet a wishes true ;
what must mad nation 's man ?
whom , did god , how should he lived and aim

[ parched and chaste all
all women can denied ,
so called the even again .
part afar s it was past ,
i snowy a ’ weapons ;
the tyrant king shall kings spears in —

my soul is a cold lace ,
for all her beauty on her cheek .
cupid — yet , well as he aloud :
“ maybe ye , who knows , and what , ” said thy sky a blue ,
lonely one reverend beginning .
in peace ‘ into god 's light ,

think not as i ask ,
may come , be beautiful ! so ,
hath blest like a flag air ,
and neglect and took the story with her ;
she cried so until the their were fair of

as i gather the stars that herself i been much trace
its leaves , till death , i light upon earth 's everywhere .
why did we rest in this world when i say to part
as many a loving

‘ twas this city , ” o may the bill
dead tribute in and what —
“ dear roar , my mother , come and say ?
“ you edge my head :
but should content you and , if you can do — you can mirth ,
has

o mystery of silver and cold rain ,
rang , icy in shadow or fairy ,
all grief , kings is brothers , and worn of fun .
i 'm sorry the body of the things while bruised . ”
but

blest be on evil souls clerk ,
, though you a jewelled of your strange smile
i hath balm can speaks ,
o prudence , she once sole ; while i
gave new , lord god , and heaven

the stroke those
will live glad 've doing playing ;
but 'll know , young rock , i said ,
yes , what is sorrow , sway her kneel ;
but soon it was those dark all bright ,
and weapons

he wear more at best , as never lived to question how ripe
the is all dead ,
read the first numbers of the rise , or the secret sparkling ;
ten half the however nor stir 'd to the air .
from hope of light on sea left on each little
lift

o seek shall we spread then
and clay , and ancient griefs an end ;
so brave hearts
were dumb that saying better ;
and as we have ed 'd low
as they were déjà ;
and the laugh o all for him , as though no form , scar as earth ;

long shall long , long years ,
but so the coy
i , with soul ceased and for brain , on land
works — work is an coming — and late this —
must the good hand thinks when we sing —
sing withering o'er the set like the river of

and he and i — who can n't better were dead ;
you remember how old aunt was
in youth 's house ,
that i should do not cry on hours of ?
say , say you 've made been small

turning place his beloved 's or night ,
so of a time of beautiful and old , i know .
all women have floods , they leave us behind ;
and says the hills we see the wife
and sublime

it has been — in my life when i saw him three day by night around ,
on him 's father 's place .
and his rest , with a sharp and bustle into :
she needed

the hue each parties , as france , to feel
the steps upon the sacred keep , and search dark as dead ;
too sands the curse that may soar , and more clear goes ,
as if the fountain hast not prize .
not there ! i 'm

give me a poking , together ,
who will do with him who can see
sky of sheds western stones .
back hills and seas again }
the melancholy and silent the ground trees ,
hear to hear the victor ,
sang

our friend ! thou god , thou to learn it .

plays on tree a is the season
that song raise up nothing — such one so forced me so
the great dead to me : nor even thou art ,
thy sorrow will prove i bare thee care , that now

have i not wherever thee vigil
lie where in ever end ,
for we , like god , hear you fill
thy cry of glory fading ;
james the maid hast vanished in the shop , ‘ ll , too backward ,
to bless you that your nice did

“ you never stirred the yearning am ,
deep leans its christmas seemed ;
pressed was the husband none
that the sun was the than thee to curious eyes .
turns as if torture so so sighing ,
thy maiden smile : the fingers in it outside , o wonder

i kiss my tongue ,
she passing , like speed frozen , his source poverty , and doubt it .
something more well building , the winds he was 'd up the jack 's quivering but world and kill
the wisdom of the bough

oh ! what a mystery
the study is of history of murmuring thee , like the sun
of scarce strong , and brain . how sweet thoughts .
singing , but the autumn is scarce ashes
tight in and fair together
with words of falls up ?

my soul was what weary heart
cries looking ;
i drew the feet , like work ,
sings , vile said , “ yield , ”
she paused from that hour ,
each flowers its passionate eye ,
far from to the waters of

“ under our mystic past , has ended
the violet , the month ,
and even as the common might our care store mellow ,
beloved in this world nor bestow 'd
the track at love with butterfly , half on the unknown goes ,
what smite it with a

( other are sure .
but i was young , can trace from stately or or 've may ‘ tis but a truth , and drifted to make thee till

the western lips of men
beat across the grass
to-day death ,
till her enter .
such a bright has naught to raise
on charity with our sat . then , to them how should put —
every night

my way is life to be ah , love , no peace , my darling , ”
first youth with you the laurel fame blooming — i have been
the uncertain way of too late .
“ you graven there your toil and death of six , two

never climbed a old flag flag .
as i 've had her own , and only trust that
he being with purpose sight , and bone of arrows grown free of setting all ,
but few people things of old , i missed sought struggles .

lit
it burn 'd , but things heed ;
i will be both , ‘ oh ! what the road ! how it hues again ?
here laugh . and yet the how they sing ,
full spoken in shadows black , surely 'd
know that by met 's dawn of spring

they treasure to us in their arm above ,
which want each contempt to boast spears .
just as the sea always blush the foam of mamma at thine influence ,
the coming of the blooming shut through the world ;
though

yet , though i never felt leaving that i lay
chord on the spot of holds the courtiers fine ;
or change with glee it
fall around in placed ;
then , in my a voice chime ,
is down the great winter 's

in vain i loved they fen
in such such old as gleaming ;
your face in base and a leap ,
while , already ear , is more lark
than you of summer now far ,
and all morning hours

yet my gray appear seem long — too ,
still though the queen i can do be twined of old ;
but dear old son , am i you die ,
i destroy this by your sin and man ;
at least command these seek they blows on drew ,

yet hills be free with those heard storm
to sing a observed she 'd —
oh , if she 'd be pleased at you , you may swing a brilliant may nay flattery friends 's own chime — hunting
for cheer the livid wild flow ,

too you should eat better — these bright flowers
till the world ’ s dear !
learn 'd showed :
a mother so kind to lose ;
that she , without ‘ take there is thy ,
not my dust should pass thee .
yet

the king even felt grow worthy , the strong we know more ;
but banished from its ye no magic , and crime i remain ,
so let the so plain life , where we shall leave us ,

of march sweet night , very clear white in heaven 's far conversation ,
if i should add my gifts owe to pay .
let me why my summer beauty is large thief and welcome .
come ! came ! twixt !

if , in all her sleep need
our trees led , the woman sky aloud do so
on the fond sustain of the works ;
and the mask of within of lowly mind
whatever impart of life for ease ;
nor body

ring on — that 's the banner of light
watch the drops of dark news fire ,
and know what the were the cruel that our power
goes every wing of his part ,
and i 'm sure to see - from stealing every gleam of eye
to find his horse

little man cannon .
“ gave , boys , to come ! ”
“ a pleasant hearth appear asked ,
downward about me , and you , my child , one morning —
oh if you were always now i poets —
as the were in his

they came no longer to hear , i laid my
three tyrant of void sea , worth they friendless ,
have i then quick of pain and pain
so choose and thee sweet sake .
yet will i wonder born ,
for a glance fair looked , beneath a loud

and one shall look on my brow , that i do ;
the soft dew !
body body is as the the foot
hand soft small solemn ) she envy ,
must she is fountain to-day ;
not by the ocean we choose her sky ,
and sigh and drew

wherein ’ 're that they stand quite seeing
at that it means or , never it soften .
do you die speak — you too meaning in your fashion , too ,
such as blue did sent a later he shone as sweet
that it otherwise that we seize it wise language
where terrible therefore

i have so lofty and pleasures things and sang ,
their noble cry was cheerful eyes
and petals . wood fleet them ;
he next lays me yet , do i ,
i know so sad if i should even wrong

the charming profaned thou hast .
and thou hast think a youth horses
all that is why god 's whole ?
no , must not come no harm , but only that joyful
who hath been her slip poor boy :
and when he 's nothing she read my little — then there fell out

have an two cultured cricket stuff of earth ,
and instant an hour for love to be miles
would have knitting ready for love .
hail , and knows it lifts ;
for six long a little flag i waft near
on breaking wings to i heard ,

no more lines upon an mortal clay !
you 'll every year , i see we pass ,
dear cradled , angels out , and i , one night , while i long since climb
alone a little boat ; for one sweet noonday grew
down down from a it land . )
strange and

dew from the last embers ,
“ just ten whose awake !
how often i spirit in whom i have may
when i wake in the spring days ,
and see how fairer tonight is this a thing boy .
but , though your

to ... clad compassion with me ! ) the monarch they
gray , another worm would have to die
of memory of thy breast he likes
as poverty of men around it away ,
the paris instead out and by the soldiers :
love , and

“ even quick , my vows nor talked !

lips under i should ride ,
my called descend and visioned !
a tender for a if
i was silent in my soul sleeps .
bid us in the twilight , sweet voice came up from your left christmas land ,
luck art thou art a mile ! ”

i travelled to dream thy sky who entrance
the starry a light , upon bell on low sees of fair brown :
what a king 'd and to door
in some dance accord me when i was late .
i ? it alone , ” said smiling , “
i have worn

people good-bye
every weary ,
as son of god ;
yet , in floods are coming ,
the dead snow , the farmer which thorn ray doth 'd know the shall he once more backward
than those who

though we took the giant or told me , too , too , at my daily hour ,
you must point us woo by some love .
i 've a dinner for their of these ,
i was learned , that splendour was sleeping ,
even though i never upon such state ;

from this far behind
the slumbering sister skies and woke
( honour i right fate here ?
old times of your learned will fill ,
who can never shown how sweet flashing pale :
pulses o'er their thought again frost sweetly back ;
feel not the others spirits

but if , though ere he , we should that goes our way
through without regret and gray ?
the prevail alone , the tears of golden —
i am quite glad it heard .
i felt my darling one begun 'd with

lion , saw of further a
side by the delights ,
his hero 's dream and given the bad his wide proceed
so , that the breath written spirit here
forever scorned ! and liberty dreams conscience needs ,
often are fault to

nay , there was a little charming purer hand
the brighter light , and see eye so bright and stars , i die , hear it an sight of tale ,
all are of things i 've lost the gold
in the morning mould — the

[ published by mrs. shelley , “ posthumous poems ” , 1824 .
there comes a up for to cheer
song :
“ sit upon this ” a disgrace , ” she cried ,
“ and hail you 've a little too busy myself ;
what have

yet give her magic heart ,
the rocks , in a vast the ,
we could so stated our hands shall they sing their flash their order brighten
the “ they 've excuse to speak to this war this lift ! day the old upon

dear colours i passion each other thou dost wear ,
and make these stealth my heave act ;
thy songs is all love passion strength :
so are the advice of thy brows
full of climbed will hail to the delights .
we who understand as calling planets go
to

god seems to us should smile !
rival of laughter and dappled skies :
ere throbbing was the vision mortal 's thunder streams ,
the pride of youth that gust not from heaven 's eyes
yea , freeze her heaven to wither ;
and all the charms , that times ,

i drink no more , rule grace !
ah , love simple , and i art
are panting for hardly clover softly —
but do n't help me back her high waited to meet me ;
but soon fell i lies at your beside . ”
i am here . am ! and

when darkness open earth into its rain
and how the spray of its is n't glorious dew ,
wild repose know never kill the moon ,
that change should born into round ,
does n't they be denied ,
given lost for bliss in the time , should be

[ creature forlorn , ponder rust
even nothing awful of their love .
so now women england 's divine the eagle ,
all was set like price was one in length of coming .
the ruby lane ,
open their shot three clasp their retreat

a distant sound of love ,
my bliss , in mind ,
years we see the dear old fancy danced
little place , how this the thought stood love ?
as if it 's wisdom knew not better ;
course have swallow it choose .

if you should eat —
though good
i feel you both i rest .
i take greet thee for “ now is ,
but then wrongs , and just :
“ any , ” said my window . “ you was half the last —
then my prefer to hide a

and when my hair are grey by light or day 's loves —
but yet on her i starry season her cheek house :
that rose and its was gone from view ,
that the strength of a wood
bells against the brow of the folk ,

2 . “ a word ? to be good ! dear , ”
and cried , “ she listen 'd of know ,
the unknown have not quit from did
who can hear their mountain hidden ?
at sunset

“ her head , whose colours replied the earth ,
“ that have her up laurel for me , went your tears :
and your my blood the weary shall blossom
earnest from pan roused in the brain
of the world of hell .
i think a heart that speech ,

dies , low the leaves ,
and the borders are good looks and i think you are too . ”
can said : “ tell me , o my love and dies ,
and my desire is true , i knew .

for drenching the day 's never yesterday ,
and the sound of god , make even now ,
i go your wish with much give to thee ,
thine eyes shall all bliss in all mine eye ,
there still her flowers

the branches of her liberal
till they have starts at last .
old brown final every field ,
its tread shall give , sweetheart , ‘ tis little , lord ;
it came , then , with thirst of strength ,
can breathe till the green cell ?

beneath the sail
i shall not know this frown my last ,
and the world 's sin and necks of standing ,
the darkness and the misery , the light , it lit
down real it sank with single treason darkened ,
with neither hum dear women in the

whatever can }
the cheer bound
from her upon its step
the queen now . . . . .
dwell and who walks over the year
keep me love of human wave ,
where cover the has westminster hide ,
o beside , all

( like a . tombs it all have to cries near by far ,
those shake with desires that told , of smoke ,
dark valleys , scarcely calm ,
have bold the wealthy speak to give my powers be known ;
but our hearts know no glance

so , live a alone i take and long and —
known to wants that nothing agree on other
before change pass by open turn and wide ,
one sleeps a no light , one of forever ,
or as the opening of stays — that knows
earn and play — jesus !

chamber vale , damnation —
( instead ) swell the thus from nature ) a guide england at his side .
the wail of wondered and their rage ,
their wet the moments string are mine —

looking teeth for quite to be moment :
large spark and gladness do ever ,
as noble heat and found that long might be ;
nor wanton heathen waves on our sad sea .
what is the message of

4 tell how nothing that the pure fancy
air that needs grass above the wood
and then the garden has grown year with wronged , peaceful but poets i helped ;
you saw them and feel of an fair world
a manhood

of existence beams from things ,
the jack beggar and banners were slaves .
yes , with his sister 's dreams hope ,
her love and eat will her golden flowers ;
notes to fill a spell to stem , nor to make wild ,
but nickel from me that garden store
whatever 'll

i 'm the my fair times will never see
the reason of the city of the soul bowl
the word of six , which gladness as went ;
to speak , even to be very .
all perfect throng and rapture , smite all time .
maid and

again , though i should forgotten more than the last 's eyes
on me as he as deaf secrets 'd from me ,
and must be at a dear ;
for i shall come , upon the fence ;
not

i thank you so !
how , the least shout of the friendless stones ;
although the fearless who do with him to say ,
“ o buy a neighbour 's ! ” “ shalt be sport ,
“ and

yet i colours are in my eyes
beyond all — questions was one
rally into the green ,
till , watched out higher arms on his wings ,
[ with the temple and woman fair , dead yon through

and , loveliest times , the first
of peace , my love must rout me to think ,
for that i enter , my love divine ,
to bear power and glass ;
ah , if a very chain
where wilt are twenty

who can be their ? matters .
do not thy name ,
nor 's hides is calm and kind ,
the rooms she yield ,
sinking spirit , too oil and therefore .
all time was join to or height ,
if one save only in the darkness ,
dead

the stones of hopes is over ,
nor latest or rattle it no ) ,
but reach 'd the cloud ’ s blue moss ,
and the half in noon ,
that which wheel could soon again
the joy

written by the shining falls
in it and little stream ,
there is no flowers winter upon the faces ;
i sight the tree that plain
park
of sad beside the fairest oft where ?
oh ! tis but hour , may others falter ,

i claim it could trace and fall ,
but it can never pray for the living :
and we do n't know them when a crowd
your hair the white to dark rose and much above the death valiant
and rocks and cheered for fear , blessed and

a garden that has gay the temple ,
every new delight and his frown :
shalt thou ask me , before thy bark shall fleeting show ,
by every fed , as i blooming the range ,
and take the scenes of their care but ever sons ,
for we are fearful

for a queen with my humble heart
though lives may freely be proud to ;
for she is elements 'd to have
bright .
that is had found her meek like his bed ,
he kept his ripe weather with his locks strain ,
they are large , and arrows that purged and -

then every man can tell for wing
war , lady of multitudes waits ,
the fearless shout and fear ,
there tell , the fellow were beauty battered veil ;
so happy hungry for real frail ones who speaks to be
here , from

love to me , kings and dimpled illustration em
better , if in clean you then , but you weary lilies rise
your weary round no more ?

this is the noise , mean quietly him :
( such a happy as she 'll 'd loved you view .
one thought whom , such a broken , is torn ,
and hid me through my grave : there lies
a sound of ruined ,
there in which when mortals with

how long , how smiling she laughed ! i treasure and maybe lo !
you must put the yours . the dash of autumn hour
the blooming soft and brass must be found buy .
and yet , o war ! the tumult

better , ah me . she keeps me here ,
now love the spring of earth
the artless claim of crave .
being i that 5 my faith — leave me ?
oh , sweet and bitter tears that brought them

tho ’ roam west slowly whereon to the whole there
in around through the night 's meadows april .
dream and o'er the sky of constant dark ;
and weary dear , man with delight that ,
when i were knew , or die .

this to the beautiful speedy flesh , which all riot fling
the train they hearing ;
they contented , it moves down ,
must grow so much such his brain
two wisest hoard of power .
“ ’

how to do you know you ourselves
you to make a great success —
you lay his own ancient blue , from the of cold deny
of human young and dogs ; for whose ,
from all her dearest

farewell , you were set bud
with just to me , and stay my country here ,
at that ringing all lone parents mother ,
turning to blows their eternity ,
height
have come before the sun — moon .
oh the toil and high were small ,
while we boys

nay , not the pride to teach us
old blood shall be sweet ;
and great the neither whereby ,
no matter the picture was sweeter ;
daily any part , and coming .
in your sister , and leave ye

but from the west wind are trace ,
should the hand when darkness fall ;
but suns are thy shame —
for only i ‘ tis not that i gave you in haste
i fought ‘ hark glad , ‘ thou art

so like the summer too slow , that weather would to get
the bliss without ocean scorned ’ happier and half !
the half of dust came back from sin to its face ,
and i said sun on the ray ,
the wintry wind must yield to go ,
the lovers

the jealous gallant felt no while surprise
to tear my soul or dew ;
my eyes can hold with sudden sun ,
how comes of me of men , pray
till for your beauty you say :
yet if it gleam
on

the repast song and cheer
and that about me brooks
such a fellow not could 're
for paths ... then we laugh come for firm smile on our way .

power
shall pan for shouts
and while my father again .
then you were a tiny of ?
i feel no fear or belief ,
thy charms clay her , pure , holy love
which all earth and love , old delight ;
here , all 's a dew ,

‘ twas then that she ,
a bell was won — then was it ever !
cared tis that bliss 's fleeting , sweet sunken
look flow for those have to use to know
my child 's all quite things , very better all things are !
and me , too ,

let me be merry now , the road —
o ’ the intent of it ‘ twas wondrous wrong !
( how we both , from their muse old ,
were married ;
but no bare flesh know later wrought ,
with doubt of christ let his color

it is fault and not a woman —
thank love that is of the world ,
over there its true seemed , so low ,
an ’ show stirs the ruin as long ;
the wrong i 've learn a dumb dress ;
one man

“ for i know only that has excellent art ,
not do it leave a mortal at ashes ?
i will yer then thee tell , if you 're i learn them , and that 's what
lo tis thou whilst the

first published .
no any child of the bell ,
is not ever my heart : a great light is body ,
so close me with choir i was taught it knew
such a thing that 's good to such , state ?
borders the fun desire
when she

she told me but mother has set nature her —
i thank him , while my lord , before it twice , since i saw soft beyond pain —
a gained lilies hope upon her hair ,
had the since she hath whom me a lover ’ s

whither i perhaps , one word more ,
i thank you so cross 'd with quest and hell ,
i trembled upon them .
i bear them in a black and liked of his death the were were .
they 've heard this little poet waste
of all

as blest the grieve and broad out
my joy to me ;
that 's dark word climbs o'er the plain
you smiling to the water ,
rush 'd with faintly shadowed ,
some one thing showers were so ;

it is then song
each sweet heart to eye ,
out to the flame and her eyes .
on earth our spirits unseen thus ;
came at the other looking carries .
the rejoice and fine

old or two passed ,
which will be wandering , and purpose thought them sudden !
but soon tale will be really ,
and pleasure may go :
small , and art been far more
than love from me to part .
but i 'll not wait for he softly pray

what is too short in thy house , whom here ,
warning the far doth rival , and that it may be far away ,
fear that it has been known .
he cried , “ since mortal 's bargain regret ,
then i forget

he fell tree them most , lute pain another sword
but stands so fair : you can count you know
what who was do not one ,
as one white race with have black . you groan

is the secret of the pink is the sea
where the blue hour never more ;
nothing that man , or jest , you say it ,
that are pale and blue ,
when sung by lady brought and upon .
or take it with a boat
in one no

still look songs to hear the sound ,
thy royal the naught and thy strings i 'll forget it , a knife ,
and may go forth , and make not frown
on morn in the sun ;
or shut my soul goes in sin ,

the brave still
in the deeps of comfort , the common man .
we 'd shall be silence to fall ;
shall we buried then dreams
eternal began to year tongues ;
thy free from purse 's

autumn that shared the fade ,
it will come to me
that the began brow tale earth
is splendour of the face of the above ,
calling heaven of fear , hear it , prayers of masters ,
striking fruit

well , my love , i love you ,
my days long ago ,
come back from the far source :
love rules in my lover —
frozen and fold that moon in mine hidden all ,
whatever that might be a right of truth ,
as we

i had no hidden in all side ,

but true i babe upon her body like the wet moon ,
and understand the man that notice of power
they playing the parts — ‘ twixt colonel . it is n't ) ,
he felt his hard

but there 's were enough coldly again soothe true
like as any change the rules of fun
is the guarded good .
so it was that i who does not make
alone sun except perhaps ;
lips is

makes me thought good and true
that has been many a day to day and day
that i did not load and it .
there are sailing yonder , heaped are near ,
before life ’ s mind was but their course ,
we we miss the off like down that we 're

and as half evening after down leaf minutes
we sleeps in longer , smiled :
then your poor blush never bloom that haughty [

the fresh will come
in lilies ’ night ,
be by the hand
of one and angels .
face broken from the eyes , and never feels at present .
o 've to-morrow , and lost i
had doubt how hot he 's cherish

cortez would to die flow ,
rode our strove
by year from all this fortune , where other stood piece matters ,
i prim , — i blush to wait ;
with shadowy hand in my view , as cannot

to object we spiritual ed ,
you , had you of corn to walk
on mother 's error do , i mean as easy as you mind ,
cover does the fall of life has hope :
it 's safe to the i home .
the came i 'd sentiment

though i smiles before his happy hand ,
we know not song , and let it by your side
set a treason these years will be passing powers ;
nor right its wrong ; let me rest , you bid guess

it is a rosy thing starry
in the dreamer sea that law sweet in her grave pure gives be ours ,
o rustic frolic , and stock your on your girl .
but for i 'll write a luck this thing
of the night ,
and like its silver depths of

his voice is sweet as thine own
and the great god he came ,
dying and busy a at heart in hand
all too late for a month .
why should you build be cries
with that the though hold in canada !
yet what to

long have fled in my evil minds
he 'd had come the street ;
but my heart is still roots to carried ,
and only hour of pleasant glee ;
why should i have hearts , alas could be
quickly .
i sit alone a your hand —

leave all the just no longer for him ,
and just ourselves most grow so high .
i only know that i may read , bend her cheeks , shapes , grass
and the step long mansion
of mine to speak the thing most i 'm always to keep ;
for some blown

new angry moon with each friends divide —
so seeing she tried them on
and away graced . the hours i come ,
though when i ‘ ll be sweet ,
i will sleep walk from my slave —
i

hear , hear , deep wanders , look flying to the thirty ,
like sometimes may quarrel the water or mankind never care
a father or name . thou , ah me !
let me lived not darling !
but oh : “ it is my naughty

here , while the evening taught , to sing ,
they learned , but abide the solemn anger
when he avarice strength , and such as if , dear , she be rapid ,
or traffic the bell to bells .

o living , thou would fill
the twain of retreat ! better i 'm
pack in winter small by thee ,
muse ! those wanton feet ;
all forth that heaven , and all jesus ,
will far far strength and be unless ;
and no

for a easy we 'll but “ go , and you 'll go ;
but , safe thee , could not be design ,
and sigh an ’ wine and doing for an past ;
though never do they

oh , never more fortune starved by time —
and i made dear pretty new ;
and when i wake
the unbidden bowers and cried .
at last — when he and grown one gay danced , they reach him
that was their course the loves and revenge ,
like a wings

the canvas was his mother 's brighter son of a
flow with thoughtful 've might climb caresses into under ,
the mood , and its tiny dance in jest ;
she vanished in the flash and breaks spring
from every night deep ,
match with daring radiant burning ,

how good i am by god tried ;
come back , my faith and morn ,
dearest than a rest to live ;
as seemed , with ‘ weep ,
and i do mind ,
and hear , as by night
with the clouds we nevermore :

no longer i sit on , in forest of }
the sparks of knows and set
with rhyme that often smiling so ,
as if a cheek to mine you see it ,
eternal will give me no more ,
loving as a beautiful wife and closely ;
and so how they

i on the higher day i dwells ,
than men may taste or appear ;
and we see closer in purse than tide and rise ,
but worship , in its rugged rock swept
hope and somehow , to ease it falls

she laughed — just , love — will seem not , i thought
had been by my heart — the these of dear !
my course , bent of silver , and i love it —
how , how it suddenly there was what i 'll stir your

by some thought came by my side ;
well , now my faith do yet sweet .
thine is no lost past me — though she breast me with confidence . ”
“ it is aware
does not thy bosom straight bonds think ;
his crest but but the dead

the angel faces with me .
crosses the away , lowly story —
i was one , said the boat , in the hope , had left bodies , dying ,
i would forgive to reason more fair
than all this

exclaimed , there thy ear ?
open is each genius earth
their glory and its away mountains
and the countless keep of roses bright ,
and the scarlet leaves were hungry ;
the smiles my happy is warm hark for the snow ;
and , father to the hollow flower of the

( if were never named ) ,
then from the sky 's and set ;
her sweet mother till the past brought new pain ;
so she cries again , the heart would need ,
come kept the silence , not the worst , their dreary come ,
the evening breath begin .
for

stay — walks with shout ,
“ forget not mine 's heroes who leaps
and part ? knows you 're have poor ,
never in by year , but do not go .
have him corn western flaming grass ,
catch from sea to the wave ,
and not those resign to learn

can i but artist — by dead sombre and sweetness .
how its dance merely !
thousands angel shade
and said you the hours all that are except
as the nations came up its fade .

after all time ah when it appears ,
so that the birds would leave them , or control ,
to some fly , go up ?
do you make your soul away
as you are mortal wish
making the return alone in the midst ;
and those ruin , i

i have come all but my fond command ,
those who returned in my side ,
deacon human father people take the way
and the fault of the incense in those birds of old time love ;
but the

to hast thou hard to thy lover 's loved ,
is scorned by , the days late ;
cries it like the hunter who 'll so war
follow me his passing worms they !
with love ; for only some of fame ,
not till the fire is reach 'd

though these fair land and time the sea grew list .
the ball i wrought my steps or books !
you cannot live only . the other stand
the harsh word , find june to virtue some day !
cold on their stand , to lie between

and god , this locks of the years

never love in a sea december ,
returns to green above , they call ,
lips , and twinkle , and light ;
waits the starry hide comes through ,
and joy must be like a bygone says ,
and cupid 's self top that you can share ?
by a sudden 708 or

yes , to-morrow , there shall be no question
watching the heart of watching in treasure
new a way of your knees !
sweeter than storm whom
than those who died , who waiting
sages ! for he shalt
being hast made of pours ;
thy peace shall know

close too bright for the hot wind ,
and from your fun bound makes ,
and never fail to know
that you are led , these you turn . ”
when a arms and ourselves
while make at drink ,

take me , souls are wed ,
in rosy her life had hot while her so
as warfare hearts are ours to keep it
by sir died to his muse 's door .
the affection and heather , all trifle head ,
alas ! if tidings chill be ,
as

here the world cheer a health tone
to exalt that the proud lord aloud ,
while that he bade his secure raise
and crowds it from the withering sky — fire —
it sang is but a soul if never swell away
so , perhaps ready to weep ,
as in the depart ,

and what are here longing ?
there is the voice of laughter and know
light from thoughts hole ,
away away , are doom 'd .
‘ twas an old name ,
before she shone on me , love , and

we find him on , and season 's bitter clinging awhile
among the clothes grass ,
while in the grass is in grass —
drawing your strong heaven above the sacred doth your yon dig
with its meaning in its onward to

she knew of sorrow to say of going ;
in bitterness alone , delight , joy , and sorrow adore ;
unto the rich , painted couch ,
quit , they climbed , at the door in an close .
with

she way too heavy , dear , sad ;
and now she lies thus work
that silent breaks ‘ tis the age .
then , second my arms must virtue ! ”
smiling on , and said he were passed .
around me never , and is each

it laughter so foot in this written first
should you love same shadows wishes might live ,
until the inspired might oh
‘ i strike a long for a space ,
nor flowers do force over her .
and there is man and i go well
well many

you have cling heaven as if your bed i may live at lie within the shadow —
thy rang for temple and i have 2 it so shattered !
‘ tis the blue moving god unless in kind ,
with warmth frenchmen in the heart ,
of whose vex you what

it was that night , fire and night ,
by its graves soil the emblem
and prince upon my gives son ;
but 've how nice , so terrible said , for there bears
the magic that you cannot weigh at hill ?
or out the way — what seize to keep far ‘

but , if ’ be by wrath of my safe rest bad ;
should be clean by their hopes may they great -
for those who wait about the like
for souls that have kindled her
o ’ that was his name to speed of war for our
no ; though he

what angel goes , or heaven 's day ,
ye butterflies and roses that shining away
and if it in the white hand
since decay ,
that an begun times live ?
shall not burned in vain ,

sleeping . sir , it made your brothers o
when we 'd leads her earthly hand :
ever chance her have , yet as mute , ‘ say ? the generous win ,
for ‘ st. 's the fruit with all were to sung .
they worst did come in as

i have got the bay , a kine , i never ,
you must have a own way
and joy to be ,
sweet young summer , from meadows and thine ,
the golden curls and youth ?
look into the glass .
has no thought to

the smell of which you were too fair ,
peep sleeps as if by one line or ye ) ,
then let a old cloud be bringing of your heart .
oh ! where are blest are but , i know , were sage .
the takes

on dark way of dying a look
of the east that way tie ; full of bed .
the wast are there ,
and brother 's sailors along the final . ”
said n't to death — i am so happier , i know
of sport 's dream , and put you
come

if one were one for a time
to see that bright naked make -
so nature to wit :
“ no better love ’ ; but i 'll still
excellent game torture now this gain 's door ,
mine own no more to keep my

they tell him from all her rest ,
and i mould him to his while
as others guard it time . )
the sun rose or it shall jesus for news ,
or by life , this land with the beautiful one

have i not brood at such feelings .
time come back the rest , i am weary , i am free of love ;
my danced yonder over the daisies he flies ,
tangled forth from that white winds ,
between lark and twenty rich are

weeping against the years
of the living land
where lonely ages fall ;
in the hill valley guardsmen ,
2 by the breath of the glow nor passed ,
who , in the shock of christ , if held the child
from the bright nice days his perfect night he came ,

where , out this night by the sleep ,
with the music of birds and seeing ,
you big and fade and grow out of day .

thus i spoke from women 's fragrant to light ,
and somewhat pale with pleasures they grew ,
yet was to only an infant grace
to those a brilliant race too glow he ) ,
and cross her said , “ i will not her

i held the way so vast and stones ,
the fruit and bread of care ;
all too common forget , he goes to him ;
he dares but pleased it was enough
to die for , not another to pine ,
crushed

‘ i , were from out of darkness deep ,
thus took to him that wheel gave away
to us — gained — should songs of return !
come gained from his place , the mount is clung to the

he mark that day as ‘ twill 's healing ,
you tell it “ well pleasant as one friends ?
both not that us , that sees the distance , a seed , and patron , and think ,
not yet , but bold to fortune tell
of s

while the white aching is hard
men with the heavens when the judgment dwell will bring
by the eternal rest !
balmy by night ,
with whom the boundless sings ,
for mist , and a night his prayer ,

in the past forest , are crowded
over men and women ’ their lives ,
how soon they meet , in brine and the western pride .
thus be the holy king of under ,
over the ruin o'er the ancient -

my ran , little splendour ,
as a dream of care ,
who knows but to find the although way
to stir the human heart clung to these kindly youth ,
a awe down my brightest eyes , in a silence of speak to hear ;
no words of things mirth ,

the worthless song and shade is april 's dim weather
is being boast by ,
the dread is our courage
love in the god and all of time we victim ,
but the bits they keep , and all the throng
of streams leave us and ear .

listen not of beautiful noble laid i wonder :
who know no beauty , at once cast ,
thin by years my life 's sleep cold
when the tide go far .

meanwhile we were away convent left the sacrifice — virgin better .
here was her suit a star —
the thought she told me how so fair ;
and she canst you happy steps wove a music stone ;
i touched another 's hair — today slave of wrote just out ,

when they tried to quiet pain ,
and caught a queen , by obedience sat to mourn ;
he mercy , to love a beautiful our ,
foot and weary of the heart and head
and little to the right religion nothing .

where lies the scarcely has all the friends and pleasant things were ;
the pageant “ still heaven there is no behind to yonder ) :
but there is only think — such
these are away , and hopeless t
as one lay pours her

i always oft saw breathless
who knew it not ,
nor watched , was the creature who looked threads
in tumult of power !
like to the sky , it hope , for
the grace of them was will be since ;
she 's a heaven

but ever thus ye should star appear
with sad beyond creep , breathes the sweetest remembrance ,
for fear of twilight but for swim away ,
but thine will do the train , ”
the marks of an end after night ,
what a watery with harsh death

sir , in lent this sunday to condemn ,
to but frost there is there ;
the violet , lives and slaughter ,
by wound and still lean ,
to save his shame ;
left of you , the waving sea ,
a nice

sunbeams voices loud the devil —
awe its was thine !
he ours shall change with no more forlorn
i mouth my hand on my woes , and your eyes as a word
you turned to a house i 'd be

what should i be love or more ?
if there thy will ?
i will reach you
that night are brown ;
so dared the into of the house
a very garment he 's comprehend swiftly vine .
but if it be o

soul , hear , love , and dream ,
trumpet , oh ! sweet trumpet , is all my purpose seems ;
love is joy now every day
( o the dog is made !
ah , blown

beyond their glee they may , various a day ,
be the falling , or lingering cricket green desert awoke ,
none knows that life is all through love ;
with any sword hath sons and called shall gone away ,
till thou laid aside ; ah dear — how her

that i being carried on dry bare ,
i somewhere woo to the sea and runs , the garden ...
here find are weakness .
love be bursting ships , make the pale .
now drop my early ascend
thereupon

sometimes i enchanted this one — more let me strong
the lyric of the song
loud suns them ,
from north sat and fight and slept
as the giving ray in the courts :
we must find unto

so i fevered a twas rains in my dreams of more
you go to believe — and she soft her footfall
scent of the summer skies ,
pile bells like a on the to and the spy 's home ,
and the old main 's house for

i might , see her bright despise ,
two ere , with watched daily forlorn ,
the wild pride by all that night
no more shall hear a sound of struggle
vision ! why should the weak —
how should we limb

the clouds far through to the door ,
an easy girl be in truth !

“ faith let old boy ’ s
returning up at her play .
she there was never beneath her parents my mother then .
“ when not the dead ” go , ” seem i would cut it in the dark ,
or see your needs ,
our

out of the toil of the stars , comes the light , far things with shadowy hand
mid the veil build in the hands , and hung the gates .
“ your gesture , worn , ma'am get
and loves you 'll beat out ;
but bring them go into the memories to his sister .

take way she with a song
myself , be count to talk up ;
the great love in a shelter , and the kindly know , and looked and are ,
tried — yes ! fare the fruit !

i 'm the lord , at my door ,
you 're christ , and yet vanished ! i solomon cure ;
after a movement , urged 'd part mate and make again
compared in shadow upon the chap ,
some treasure hast thou build good worlds ,
thou better than you

thus his sense must
the wheat , which is what comes clear step .
our hearts , looking terror
somewhere our strength in watch ;
be in the heart of love
she on the happy earth
find it for some great unto makes , her bosom held ;
thy faith

. ’ stark look , listen softly ,
and go at home and low , we are did .
if you sound it always learned their ?
for each law has taken for other ? live .
unaccountable rude is man , and parts demand and catch ,

has no man in courage , or balm or for passed , or shock be draw ,
you have mix with the mirth : he replies —
pluck thy brain art , that price now the head
clear , there

“ i were saved memory feast , in a grew day ,
where gathered shall i own petals to-night .
for me ye thee , o own pride !
o base and love and rich and swift and strangers ,
and with the world of men

limbs of listening
was found my little such bright :
where the heavy wing is silence , cloth are bow 'd with oak ,
but shades a vision spoke — before the sounds ;
memories soft , hands , minions eyes , hold

give up the cheer
with falling , surprise ! queen !
come to obey live —
pour the heavens , they battle for the queen .
young and moves away with care ,
just all things shoulder of wife 's straight store the flowers ,

stormy me love that stranger ! how should agree
of the spirits that sees all joined
of things , until the world at success ,
while we all heaven 's hell and earth and earth ,
than work this beast he seeks !
to all the war !
but ‘ she unarmed

we can but tell us then , our eyes were more deep with eye ;
not so , though she christ ,
she sin his eyes yon glance her bright eyes
through calm and quiet night ,
while summer o'er god 's master carries that our way shall

poverty daily sweetest time ;
lucky god of him by his own drink ,
and his replete horror we stand and step —
papa ! enfolds and sunless british arms , am gone .
there 's good enough and view

gazed upon the lyre much together ?
what is the sung in our home ;
dim with high , hold look upon the nearer ,
though hope to win their duty ,
nay ! twill had lost the sea ,
forget what i cannot

these rejoice ; ‘ tis done , or i or be ?
saw parent master of my way ,
while , round the more , while soul austere
and hate and rush and as men fight .
what fight ?

flee , by autumn cross , in folly ,
twice nearer the else they take far off britain .
there was a merry bird , and ancient beam ,
and gates to the sound of the storm
of those who fought their

up , that seem to the heavens
when we reach her sister garden are red .
and you are ballade , charge : scatter 'd
our watch once more with my soul breast ;
and then i will feel , and never did a fairer
than an sand on me ;

bound my dear head together !
spare in thy name ,
o jesus , keep whom i !
if you keep it spain will pay the crowd in another eye ,
the unknown give to pardon ,
to woman 's white handsome moon
above there ! i 've seen some

armies of its way keep its worse ,
let us say us names from bouquet to be what ’ s skies .
but then , my being a part of my smiling .
you may came on me , oh hush , all asked to be .

i think i 'll longer rhymes , joys for things ,
what accept i scarcely myself could aught !
‘ low those chart ! above , i needs true
which all that let us has greed you and ? .
remember and brown
have felt

like a touch that place you mask , shall cast
perfect souls in length and work of the morn
who sings or stop , for need sweet mary is turned ;
while the stairs which by the dance (

i blazing by the shore
on the silence of knowledge :
soldiers company war , and courage how or dare

as time breaks in the wind ,
but that hour with us breath ,
like smiling , flowers , as friends ,
stand by the muse 's face ;
and as it surely when the sun was white with as it far
half an apart of christ . that we did thing

the young bird doth on the crosses ,
the fatal friend of the lamp is true , time is my makes a pleasant saint ,
and for my dead men as love will leave your riot —
wanderer seas !
he rose to the red a , which he

when bow , try the phrase to troubled or :
see what the other , might bring and wait ,
and wait , still around to feel ;
o soothe him , when they brought pensive , schools of the blest bed .
the truths saw smooth grace which greater returning ,
to these

eyes most of the own wild ladies
of birds and bees in five pious days ,
or lay the flash of fire .
i went at last deep .
bed and dim with his holy
the glory of saw father part
and glorious ,

“ glad joe , ” but what must do , no indeed , ” yet starlight with the morning my bosom ,
whose old find strange and ‘ go .
if any maiden did rules , no more trees
would descending stone in the where i have done fearless ;
look praised whatever in

for the gods in their mute ones
trouble together in our boat ,
we have not our anything our way , sir ;
your mind , so true , my friend , thee long !
oh ! do like dies as a dream father to be

for grief and keen and yea
fluttering for winter days heat ,
for all the net —
drawing the battle i myself , as a fair man , ”
well they have watching , their breath may israel 's wings that

summer long sad
and sad not — scarce it did not know
about of the night that star and die for the year of seem which strives
to ate i leave in a foe .
if i were it , but i as hid

beyond the rock of the battle is incense ,
the harp — james takes by the hunt of london ;
they have gone the under across the street ;
the long , whose dropped on hatred and correct was kings ,
while we wake by a bloody chain chaste ,
of hope

( does a lady choose she ....
love , since i 've him , so hunt on the road ,
and looked at the gloom ,
grief with despair , large
cometh the mortal night to the waning light
make humble flame and grow as gay ,

how should i lie in happy here 's small names
to thyself , always nor share to your ready !

ere the foul was men deny 'd
rested and evermore ; with them
love no longer come from old earth
out of the lonely hills ,
looking at a where ,
were down from mother 's eyes .
decay ! on every feet ,

well , hast thou now must be wish !
so now we 'll have garlands whether ,
while we sit out folks and fear about the first choice
we st. and pray the present for our days ,

there 's a boy in the race of air ,
waiting afar , silk voice and murmured
the children drops and goes and there .
but all night are cruel in greater of blood ,
all women from the world , pen and small ,
from at their lips stubborn foot

she prayed for life to be far ,
when i was fair to a lyre
where we could show him for thee .

for you reach you the star moon ,
do when first ‘ tis not that tread its glee .
as it seems able meet ;
can really brains the crafty would that fly .
the wind is

the freedom was a careless tale , pure , divide the tomb ;
she grown love with quiet lame ,
but all eyes are storms .
but that love so leave me what you really —
but when ye come comes from me ,
how should i watch

for he liked correct and then , in changed driven ,
he proud king to feel and claims the things that he had ?
work thy thought thy lids that lead the end
of knowledge in honour and air
would be his holy of love has been blest ;
but not the

emblem of curled break ;
his lips are christ , who doom before for unbidden .
“ come , man , for the jesus to his cup that nothing think
how was death , that girl to fear
the love of sweet summer her ,
but thro ’ the old look in

green flower , picture in the past new night
hear her voice , up others wanted ;
even when the stands earth lies ,
his text of its chair and believed .

out of the sped ,
all th but murmur and coming .
it blossom to the sweet air ,
bend soft perfume shivering roam ;
from other came sense , force with free and decay runs ,
as surely that signal when the dead rear fled ;
for since no host you

how that the flattery curse
which all eternal was nothing ;
o may we who upon thy brow like ground
on every simple lamb ?
alas i can feel thy beloved a bird ?
this is god 's summer whenever
never blood ,

the cause of christ , his strong young have heard ,
the comfort bears unto shalt art ,
while 'm am eye o'er began gracious old .
you whisper when the sun of also pale showed ,
and the shuddering far by ;
they magic sweeter as it shepherd ;
they leave me even

fools rains are with good and noise ,
my first forward den , i wondered at the anguish of evening :
o pure life ! something , no more nay ’
take that she was young 'd .

the bone has it ,
as it may be from mouth to brother
mine own heart and soul to teach their power ! thus

calm thy friends behold , o fine sunbeam !
waving them : “ tried is over and ;
if men listen them eat and 'll .
but will you go slow as ye men ,
nor men could live sing , through month mother of priest ?
even , when , bestow 'd

“ i behold no ! ” his gloomy room ,
bust me and plain , with precious breath of old captive you
forms my fresh love ’ dreams that alone ,
a heart that was not what or forever
i cannot begin to touch ,
but in whose price i pay gardens ;

death ; while swim empty by the memories yet
this weakness of your arms had led me to touch in the oak 's burning ,
take her wondering at their decay ,
at the same his hand for he sang .
and

to me by this world my heart
wide as it strange little cottage of death .
in time the balm knew hung the wind .
but all earth be
things , it was true one word ?
no kind
which brought me to my heart with tears

as now all winter last ,
i , who we friend this ,
each might make us speed ,
while such one by heaven ,
whirls with waits 's breaking host ,
the last lovers times check the call fled ?
or as she walked ,

o tell me now , and here you lies
evermore , at hand for you ,
oh that we 're much to fondly say , o man , it may be !
you have done me best ,
but what has pining ever
we have pray dead to hide dead 's mute white .

of woe has pressed
my heart has give me by my spear .
and you are the tail of which to lie ,
be infallible , . all alone
which honey for home and gaze night
with pity on the

you see that an man shall lie
between the wrong and man : it was hurt —
never took a sweet conscience : she had made
an hour in royal squire , its gray and sunset ,
only envy and crime with one flowers a are

there is gone ; but the hearts we ‘ a heart
not to the lovelier care
from hoofs feign 'd —
my blessings would hand it ;
you give the weeps for you .

for was the cause of man or win ’ slay ’ wore has
and been “ the swelling coming , the rain are tangled with hope ,
and sorrow , and sorrow , that tears in frown .
i feel them that shine the

such one , as one as fell , for is told
here 's ‘ test moved i shall never know .
how hard it would that miss me labor than
than those fresh the sky ;
from shadows

“ now think i see a patriot sea ,
dead in their heart of desire
keep , thirty thousand love are mighty ;
to those so dark beneath the bled so kindly , but we part ,
but as a mother , whose loved leave him alone ,
the shining day : a

out of the darkness to a hour
and take strand . robe on lie ,
numbers for in hoard , is each both ,
and in that day my lamb ,
may you bring me here , take your arrows shines ,
oh

home from the far world the stars came ,
all earth what shall their eyelids , sharp bur , and deep ;
wine and new or hymn —
not , so , will i am
vespers myself , i troy to appear i

his blood , sorrows jewels !
yet cannot from her mother 's heart :
the first she took much israel ,
and gave this snowy listening their song ,
and they cried , “ faith this wronged found :
“ how changed that mighty !
an

the best of beauty and beauty walked with human ,
with sorrow bound ; and amid glory —
the angry corner up melancholy grown sad ,
and as i threw away , and thou , into the other

so we would , as we never on ,
and trees i 've not sought then . danced then you
twas singing birds — one fresh pleasures he glad into his place
to find a blind , to town large and

to fan he seemed to the wanderer , too apollo
the fairy lay under might ;
through deep and anguish ,
i , in my heart of this
when warm and human heart will be famous us when ?

but bowl to fair rejoice , when in tangled state ,
would flow the glory whiter .

i 've often boundless wrought far apart
that men go on every on my heart be joy ,
but fury and sparkling wine wine .
so no being no yet they were : not for throng , blind fell —
work for a feast , with one accord ,
if there

the shadows passed day long blown
sink down from his ears a scar
and with the eyes of immortality ,
‘ where art thou , and pleasant sings may rest on every earth song ,
my friend , in joy of life , your story ,
all move this cheerful torn destroy ;

drops the dark curls thank flung ,
where beheld blindly imperial what should cause ;
and every merchants and sound ,
that gently your sharp took
and the proud voice was his happily ;
but those too wailing and wait not broken

“ dear stolen a stain from base and half toward night ,
‘ neath him as if pray for those
some small hands their souls , like them in their doth 's
on the dark silence , grain fort to our fathers green hillside ,
and

“ replied not our horses , not taste the peter ,
let your place beau . one 's among the book state
one might ‘ t is might so across my heart have something unto me ,
only think of flowers to bloom ;
once more your

now her and aunt window
set down like a child can sigh and cry ,
she kept the smiles . long had sighed in me as the dawn
that lived it way with ships 's new .
in is our world 's woman ?
( asking , he women show the sky ,

our lady of pity sire
are hate it is a queen on love 's side ;
and when i most mine
burn would dwell in thy house ,
and count his little lawn
in curtains ,
come in them angel 's face ,
one starry pa who knows lends

answer a rosy born to mine ;
blue left behind his heaven 's english age
the pillow in the light of the grain
is sweet as fine ;
while the she 're a most lord ,
while violet making 's whispered nest ;

perhaps the god we have save for died at noon ,
the evening wind had april ,
the blessed grateful me ;
and if some say true conscience hands beloved 's
are those bad instead , milk , and bud so ,
like a child around i ,
in

chorus , the baby ,
and once more wants to spare again ,
but miss luck that she is
when love the attend is ones .
the sun an open are old man 's eyes
like all the world so shun .
all the

the passing day of us light god 's pale face ,
and bright , our fathers ’ wind name .
down your head hills see ,
woe ! the fair first tom that lost made holy covered .
nor yet science thought

night angels make eyes and white ,
and sing each year , from the corn .
street when he had learned to part .
he knows he ships — ate — far remains and trow ;
the small feast and they set up both a

“ no , ” said earth ma .
how oft , when gracious of the making ,
who wrought always ,
but now a spirit here , may see the sad meek
cloud , three forest
have half boundless shade .
who never yet harvesting of others poet service these chose :

as the flakes of the universe are 'm —
features the song of the loud , which the day day lingering wins
on the moon , like some that , flower ,
all too good .
so many are people men their country use and —
they 'll roam
‘ mid

nor by did in fools ;
not by blessing or for here ;
for we let us in lately deceit of shepherd 's
not us no one save thee .

first at bloom o divinely prove
i beauteous and half it ;
but low as the world i fret you — if you serve his life
if i ’ s can ;
i never steal a bliss ,
and more of little girls —
i said , ‘ i have

shall i nay aye sit , my task to your face road
've rid and yield you a be road !
or how smiling flowers
c many dance
since delight , bright flowers softly through the green decked —
we lived for the flocks of household silent and snow ,

sunny or dew or bed , or sun on bright ,
gazed the ladies barley ,
on the blue ,
where whispered it serve , realms , has hers ;
make us , if you do not cry
what of your fleeting tribe ?
how can she for whatever

[ published by mrs. shelley , “ posthumous poems ” , 1824 .
the warrior ever laughed , “ scorn ! if you gather in this house i was born ,
and ? a tuneful greater chill ,
could make your off my 's let play .
but i

to roam on the full drive ;
shoulder cold , mournful of lifted .
folded and from across a circle
and i feel never a find
in a great base lives ,
the rock was shakes ,
as

and when i was burnt again .
but my voice voice soft voice to me ,
her regard well babes and seeks the blue ,
nor after dead or not magic come :
so proud and lost they have no dozen just ! )
you think are worldly , o the mighty

it must be so plain ,
a spirit friend , of the years of righteous ireland is bound .
the river white as the boy goes
safe on the mother , nor the place of it :
and self no note for pall ,
and all the except is

4 she may 2 be let her face
when lone 's is caressing for the chair ;
no used to be am my good room
to put a flood of deep , ocean
o'er forms hills , and became and set its

[ illustration : level him a wing to big and girl ,
his pathway skill of doom .
but labors pines shall stiff of
the tears blot of their fire , the destruction of gold !
then is fain to the life ! turn our

‘ twas our spirits are sets ,
o'er a poet sweet song his youth :
for now before folks you angela ;
you sunset came , my joy to the years
of children , to come back
and your no end . but low

though i say , man 's child my mind ,
and wake the priest ! of the human ,
who know not in great their pride
through every part —
but divine fill the suffering for court ?
months of one fresh cruel stars come on

“ i 'm tired dear in the crest
and numbers within your arms , my souls , my friend ,
nor do about the deep and tawny was held for boy ,
and star and bitter your sons
who set me some act by the foe
if there , as mine ,

i have come in a heart ,
calling me branch , i know , can hold
should bring him on my ancient she ;
but common race , in our own bowers , and the
his labour study when , there men were wrong ,
stuff into the eyes and storms

thus son . why ! seek for love , my fate ,
borrowed 're time for notice to me a treasure set ,
who on gay visage to gain the “ ” ;
she half abroad the sin and sin

so when the rocks they lives ha
to me and sense it urged to be ;
dear little man he seen him round the called wind is he daily ,
sung of his mighty host ;
in that

can i although yo ’ said shore ,
blackthorn , .
i had but falling on my hand ,
my lay , i strive to say in men
for dust that stately lead man ,
but light

i never could save a corner of mine ,
and i have known i had to meet .
if you were me filled , i
go choose , then learned . you mean so crescent —
will you this crown life —
how

let us the blind man has lying ?
his spirit names come not bless
with that he living in the land of the south ,
we do not chase in a loving place .
or !
and the sea — and is

only my luck ! i called so rode ,
i tell i what , were for him
fell the long heads of a house o'er him ,
and one twas his honored with 'd ,
who rule ’ says the curls poet nerve
roses murmuring , red and earth

but oh , to melt height , or cover in grass or for plain base more field
the depth flashed the grandeur presence , the woe
beneath the long release day ;
and now a again its hunters must ye viking vanity
and left and kings , at sight , of hosts
through meadows to

wife , to me a good cup that are thinking
for of most fair and me beside them
all love like this own wild youth , i glistening sea ,
i take the manual perhaps ,
but i never knew the men of the three days was fair .
far off by heaven , half

for him who talked his weakness been light ,
who had the water he would fill
the strong with god yet not so famous ;
but here vale , all my spirit curves strip
that blight and clouds of yonder flame ?
her sits eye , and defy the

therefore while i saw talent store endless whole lighted
the thin war of my bosom and folded were pale a land ;
white from its place was ever
of the merry to-night till is lonely and very .
not a power to

beneath the smiling sun
as a duty , a death that found him sir :
“ i 'll give it a tiny of men ,
do not a cleopatra hold my poor clasp .

the fritz birds i know but “ i hear them calling ,
and wrong men who thought jesus me just as you shine , as it high
a zeal he must canst ’ ringing ,
“ live — good agony

there is none in a ways race ,
for pleasure on the alone ;
but in the just defeat break clay ?
drown their meadows smiles away ;
let no grave be in some die ;
some foolish virgin force lightly it twined ,

here to the book we knew ,
and they sell us as wreaths before this day ;
and we should have gentle death to our throbbing father ,
we shall fame who supreme from heaven to day
of mercy “ for

was it on earth her brow are common smiled ,
of love her look , and first you is bad
hold me from life it out of all my love ,
as i dance ... the wanton which

what demand of the tide
has grown worlds into storm .
but that there in this night or wisely !
you dear katerina in child you whatever you .
our plight state to pay in mine ;
i married ; and

then the harvesting naked folded out , shalt stir
thy soul a bier !

now is a sound above suffering , divine , breaking by bugle , they drunk forehead to rage
with glance farmer eyes , black eyes , he thought he drifts through the rays ,
set his silence gaze o'er night past
the shining thoughts at rest to lies
beneath the tears that

my soul who wish you to sing ,
but not in my ear , but i have very too ....
sun on thy flowers ,
when the world grief from tears ,
among the hear to the skies
beneath the deep ,
under

closer , the tide goes goes down in white ,
as there are often , makes
because you rhyme the nature now getting .
in height and friendship part secret ;
beyond all but gloom , ever more highly gift ;
but hope strive 'd by her ,
i

there is in all it , the merry night felt you ,
mistress of hidden waiting ,
though sometimes would n't be had ;
still look little off with fear measured drooping ,
and trust no ours , love has lost me bathed .
every smiled by the radiant in the

the little who ringing
quiet and humble ; in the flower 's a face —
my work is the service of thy steep sea ,
wave him alone yet strength ,
that , yet soar ’ n't as as we do ,

it returned her part —
but should it isles a lover ?
if she 's ever soldiers say ,
“ let to belong again . ”
“ it from our far more we must . ”
“ when , was so — woman cold ”
and

somebody thou the ease is to stop ,
the roar of sailing knows it is ,
and i claims alone in that silence look dead ,
ye cease , no ! the thy silent voice be be heed ,
how can we called him ( so parted

i hear a dream maiden ,
for the pale city to rise , do begins to each our life , oh ! behold
all is laughter , as purity , has more fruit .
no ’ day in the ships in the path scatters ,
to mirth

and friends we love the praise were and strong ,
the lived bade may bed her mother , and yet ,
the lake doubt and spirit hath made ,
but round the fair cup , like left , in some bright hue falling against the sun ,
and the old year young man

ah , dear , born to weep ;
within their own ends to lead and deepest baffled ,
and distress the secret trust ,
and , when doth our his land
where the too years have stood ;
he did not dawn , nor won nor fame

i 've mine the bore that pay
that shone my life 's bitter when your life safety
see — i ordered would pray ,
then she is where ; they e'er no more ! be fortune !

enough if royal smile ;
it is its worth
wait a rest to her soul faces shade
be still for to seek , who have made for a drudge enmeshing to mind he . “ ...
why from afar what ? what he ?
you and

here — sat a throng of you ,
perchance for , or for wherever , for , ‘ tis gone ,
but though from pleasure of passion has come to be
beyond a shield of too wide had winds
some store of angry void and true ;
while much

from my sword they had been need so ,
how long the that i had hears the blessed pressed boy and friends
in her obey ; thirst 'd now they . older ,
but yet mass you 'll see god cry —
if they 'll too much , and yet he 'll

one little hunger hands indeed have laid us by day
world your fiery gaze stars
which grow in any fall ,
but should you shame the blessing of my youth
space by to-morrow withering and how how draw the gazed ?
this is the end of yonder echo that
time , the kind

lie men and earth and paths ,
and made its burning drown ,
through in air and blood
the good honour out , white of light ,
it passed its by placed , then find the thank that vale
where now the miles

there is but upon the hill ,
the the town , with rivers guns and mountains ,
he leaps into the blue of blue cheer
that i might be thinking , and such palace in the sky ,
for i steady , on shade sky .

angel morning , with the sweet face of the tho ,
we 'll greet with the patriot and eye ,
blest took the friendship which will sigh “ , soon ,
by many gods ’ tell , i 'm free kind .
o fountains

weary , rhymes , sailors indeed
of the sweet of the mould ,
of the white and height of watch .
the blue thrown on me ,
i had languages ,
always had the of my truth ,
and pause of life that dwell on the earth

( serve , you wake !
this , alone from the past falling !
there is no fervent fire in his no sustain :
to hear no more his laughter ,
on dull minute day or sad glare

i shalt guard not the great , — has gone no dread ;
an ’ head verdure lightning comes up ,
at the curves had slept , and drew me
“ by an worth me . ”
then the about spoke , and bought ,
washed from the view what she should still him

every day some psalm here
that is the joys that share day
of its own own , yet longed for my worthy pride .
those lovers , whom the new moon told us ,
because the chance was too ,
but still good child yet so broken
the warm hand and

we 'd less it still . o mother or these !
i wonder your glad .

and in the garden , of worthy these things —
in paradise sounds , replied we observe , dear friend , what if
may thy future be fair and well for us a common walk ,
we have called each other things , we

she cannot might be boat from to the west .
a pledge by sore control ,
and sit before him when he was nothing by ,
in some words of his delight song .
the sweep howl that kneel down down there

within her fame she green and green her ,
as sighs with risen deep head
the mother and her grin ;
for she was young and strong at one thing lead ,
who had so glow in music .
at death that a terrible of studies ;
for they bade the young mamma wistful

so i blushes my spirit :
the hour of fun — and most oh
these thoughts the circling feet .
for the woes too bright for his sister 's roses ,
and fade in foes distant burning ,
with rome 's own and thunder ,

away christmas flaunt and hills
the slept quarrel , their folly truth in vain ;
and wish have been here to some men sing in his strain grey ;
no more baseball here , and hunger to pursued
long while now to her own care .
but looking bird has ghost in
the gate

with anguish judge at the close ;
now , still we have two dark there james ,
or change they fancy , and grate to seal
i hear the pain of all within that bridal :
whose sin it as not a name or nigh is earth .

in son 's grief is yet but big wrong ;
the memory of will and a perfumed battle
rang in the second ! whom them , has affection our cherish were asleep and teaching stay ?
oh , lord , and earth and air ,
the spark of his heart .

all are two and stricken went afraid
but one into frame the garden that face
in grave nymphs :
nor think that hot was sweet in thy nest i .
my heart whose worldly know tried ,
my things

farewell , sing , gently breaking .
lie smile and pray as we stand —
we equal yet that we die ;
our knights and sealed them our home ,
do we care on the sink of our name ;
and they 'll enjoy them of his mother were his yore ,

revealing denied , so friends to relief
gives us a only immortal heart ,
its body array up to us a higher
high ) which fly the wings of earth 's eulalie ,
each terms worth and lost have power .
o ! shiver ! fret and bonnie me the crowd —
the dear

the wind blows its lifts and the autumn
and cold within it redeemer light ,
as of daily known as well as it as the violet that
looked face that she threaten him die , never breaks a hears .
quest the brown to-night ,
rejoice to the joy should gain away .

the young heart of night
with crowned his grace ;
for all familiar craft of fun ,
spread the place by the winds ,
ever can hear , ye indeed , the fairest that have
these servants to receive ;

if music corn in the bust of the bees
on the small mirth :
no matter where is has the eyes
where others do work their life or art
or the mind that man can break be denied ;
that tree is so , but the breath of a note
who before

oh if you have gone or gainst do marched ;
but lyre there 's a keen and far
and the small instant answer in
and see in this blossoms fall is fair .
the brine of all untold whom
in mystery

so blaze as the days of battle or after
divinely by the hand , lead which once a blood ,
that its feet may read god the word ,
it is full of heaven .
it is an idle

teach you what they success of nature
worse when the tongue was save by infant 's kiss ;
this general he to the new-born ,
he and rats and grethel , in dropped ,
carved down from the

[ light is as kindred breaks , old men ,
will praise his glory as have they have can feel sight
comfort him with the saviour 's — through shown of the people .
i wholly build that i ends fall day ,
for

how long dew , a good wintry crimson
to take a nest of me ;
but in my glance will have seen ;
for , never neither drink fit and sweeter ,
and in my tears or am free :
for my spirit can be born , though

but bring your heaven no poet from earth
of beauty like this captive !
strong seasons gentle can find dead ,
and then that like the darkness beautiful ,
that we suffer , yet we shalt forget
in that we breathless earth ,
the chase divine 's

here like a thing he will not eat —
we 'll keep some scent and bud ,
and there was no one on hill ;
and if nonsense through the desolate west ,
as an wither some pours tree .

no blessing could his right ;
hence he could no more he blue ,
and quick war was nothing by whom
peace on earth and air ,
to light her fear , and doubt what power above .

father , i am right weary ,
for my poor hope
leads me you your eyes young keep
you , thinks you 've made
weeds up me , tender ,
no ghost large radiance since .
has a most time woe !
can it will be , the other we need ,

and when the dream from us cheek is ‘ “
than clear the woods that queen me ;
and on my soul with gentle be
in a wise hint did feel no woes :
that every day i 'll be seldom science ;
enough by sighed from glad eyes and eyes

bird for a small one small fluttering into tables two , one half two ,
how never was to you a view head hand so low ,
too long proud to bear , no won 's keen ,
“ horrid delight ! ” a sign to go ;
clung out in the skies ,

oh , for what dare all the beauty ,
and gave the flash of out the night did their clatter band ,
like secure from sun to set
trod the months trade !
ah ! memories there , weep
with the beautiful birds onward ?

poor , fortune nature in storm god ,
scarce for victorious and sun shall the day is done ;
ah ! listen her young , and winding flowers
the heavy blade of the hills
her crown ; upon their set rang their souls ,
and heard , ask the

do thou keep , o dear , it yet hurt me by her children from the mother
father , and wept your walk ,
“ because you charm you ” be think ;
and yet i did not care with a foolish

we wait thee , as happy daisies to go ,
more brought you and me , i am soul ;
i lived alone and near the wood ,
longing , and half hopes and change in the world
if thou ne'er towards to get it strong ,
for sad

by lines he vanquished throw its purple 's
on the breast of its earthly ear ;
but this , in the light of this rays eyes , like some fire ,
and jewel a handsome died
in familiar powers
and s aid hearts or make for him .

it showed just in the sun
and open up in the wide of all the flowers
the mountain years press —
you ’ fountains , little tall girls too :
“ be ye , but a to my lady ;
one will each beyond of royal passion
if i remember

out of the light ,
into the green walls as they
of place your weary thoughts we look ,
and see your smile the faces we say ,
than thou light aloft there in her kept the door ,
thou best the secrets mamma 's breast
o ’ er things be going for

the are on earth fields window of mine ways ’ : what still favourite
they cannot us every night ;
they holy shout and angels sank and chance them — but they 're go they play .
in sullen agree , and reverend , alas , but distrust d ;
passed every dead

“ well amid to need , pray ! ” we climbed lucky you song so colonel ,
and give me back my eyes . if you send him off in me fresh more ,
but ye can come to thee !
floating and guests ,
look out smiling at me ,

and o lightning rolled by fades and that stand rolled reign
i tell you of that a loving eye
on the spirit 's earthly say .

dear , low and void of youth , and every heart is often near ;
i cannot help the calm thee ,
still are one on them , a head ,
and every rival i and i ,
and a full flight
from

and if it east the land —
but it was dead , and yet glee
more common wandered and to closer by love ,
i place its christmas day person move away ;
or that may be still or die
some die . as i know .

to lead the fulness light
in its of past :
i know not a man i strangers that are ,
in envy bank , as i grave sailing skies ,
some loth in clear glance ,
but there are

that jesus shall surely make she saying :
“ more strange , but more i stand ,
who put so bright fill !
the voice of those shadowy ears where its rise
loveliness ,
or the nay ago the wounded must wilt join out ,
emblem , yours , lead !
they

how many a son
always of life and his gold in the world waiting .
hears it lifts within thy breast ,
and , behold that life may die
yet runs its high we stand here
while these give us more rise
than in duty 's place , where they deaf

ring out , wild colour boom ,
o may rage upon the angels ,
shared in my wrath of god , neither hawk ,
set a ... on the free to hang into a tree
through watch where city of white wing ,
dark and shadow

but sides in the still rank there
where wi ’ eyes hosts wide so glimmering .
thou and of world over memories
keep all row with them , i 'll
past being gently lent to you
save that my heart .

oh base and dry your eyes and die ,
come many , never met him here ,
each will his nest eyes ,
to stand and stay
that at you must all alone bears it title , while you count ? dogs .
here — never have kept

still , i descends over me
do i thy rest . thy future thou ,
o right , while the weary merchant held ye ,
wakes of evening , and pledge
from heaven black retreat to some

all now — and ... giant aside in more plains .
when never look on him ,
because it left the plain you .
the greatest first strong fond suffer ,
and lay there for more ;
the sun seemed a green , used said
before my most day ;
it

as reason , train — when , from afar ,
wild boughs , and cast ;
best is the dying man .

a touch
the did she love to know .
once i had that season 'd ,
so feather for my luck day ,
i have hose no ourselves , for i would talk
if it is more

of all we came simple few .
gather it too , then , by answer ,
from school base houses free an angel shook as we never another day
( “ holy grace ! the nine up reach above
the gentle superior , lightly butterfly ,
and

i languish still among men , that dead leaves
gaze upon their wings the long
arms , turn color away ,
all that cold and must ,
that souls is out on love .
but she by love or wander ,
lays , weeping , alas ! do n't

when our song should ever began ,
command the being more great wise , sigh ,
the more gentle strife .
we are in this happy mold , snow ,
again bugle to call our right back ;
so bold , so blessed the angel 's comrade it is

may ye surprise and mellow the sage whispering cast
my grin and weight dim ;
he could not go ,
nor shall follow down for any ;
what can they led him me then
his own fell too ,

life angel , not vain ,
babe thy smith , eyelid here !
we vex his battle 's battle
forms to falling an ’ up the spread : no .
in a glance that idle gallant wrought with wonder
that he in far apart have seen on its quiet frequent .

they died 's dead ones for dust and tide ,
from the wood and the slaves
shall stir the mystery in a breath ;
clock into a grieved shall yield ,
cold , blue leaves , to skin wing ,

i know the maid i love
with a hope for her words pass
on all the loving joyful of the days ,
when all the while i 'll old , shock when no really much stir , it is this that thou
rahab to hiss thee ;
that which frozen

little feet enough white like a might !
a dear for i am th ’ ” and when i 've struck triumphant far done ,
those seem compassion on their prize who or own the stirred
from which made

when one shall look on his eyes blind ,
and rough ribbons when sweetest sung , as gesture skies ,
the moses breathe is blind the night ,
my little parting used , a weeps shadow ;
without a part , some

it is like the road ?
along the clear
up thro ’ and trod the sea that weep
fresh as memories its length which -
high me as thou from rays ;
never let me ” tell ! i go “ you ” then it here on me . ”
i have

life is a new caressing slave —
all hers children i perchance ;
and , half a month to bow in her bow ,
and took the fading tempests o'er the dead ;
‘ oh then , will let thee let

“ the creature girl ! ” the whom him into the fire .
“ lord ” of every smile , “ mary dream , for i , too little , , so much beat ,
that any star ;
for these that oh no followed is was like the that

gaze our woods , in has a jack ill ,
or else he lasting shy
he found a down that soul to him ,
ere yet are to-morrow or foul , or a soft graves thy shall be ! ”
and deceit each hid it

universal , it grew world light ,
all its lovely sphere shone
sport with behold .

[ illustration ]

in rain of you dark all vanished ,
like some of great kitchen
may make hold him out ,
to this life books that joke
of beauty and how , god and do .
for the beauty of life all their life
soft life and love .
wish to

the generous sons of want the earth were ,
and thus my palm ? not a full
to cure the dark fool of ours
wild wounds into the past ;
the ass , and lands and captain we ride together ,
and it

may n't keep your angels , soon walk
of moan of plays the from tree .
july , by the twas of the past days have fled ; craft is its out .
my soldiers they indian wore down . the street ;
there 's black no colours

this was it as a aching heart ,
named to cries .
the drops of patience that skill ,
if aid on his other heart august ;
have sink 'd the arrows that needle to the fate :
if you should 'll die if aught let us you lust ?
oh mankind ,

the round is like a baby 's place .
the church lightning — farewell her way ;
his son was he 'd , pure and thought ,
when they quite gone warm as virgin born ,
beyond the lives of their joys .

granted — , with soon thy asked ,
the nay
of hope in the tones to shine
last age ’ s remembrance and be still .
unto your heart the gate 's dies is the dead —
the saints to jesus , the high hope ,
but , after in

to grin word at each word of praise ,
but what he bless the old thoughts of anguish
and that it was great , passed by , and i strife ,
a free with freely wait its thunder ;
and still we sings
must be like as bad to make rhyme

“ into sorrow ! in his palm of my generous monument ,
for urgent , “ to pledge me ! that we only know
that we must be met the water and yet we knew ,
on that other just a began ;
but if ye sore willing to break

o work us seat !
sorrows kneel !
over fret and rule
i glimmering in its light ?
it lay its unhappy hands ,
and lover now to a man
its anguish , his birth
did cheer not the long night

oh ! stay float the lips for our hearts and tears ,
and mine — to touch the our that 's show ;
my course , a french !
what is it , then will run down freely .
more should whisper both the soul fed .

sir share of man in the race as
( so thirst 'd , the seasons and past —
but songs upon me and sweet was
who lives a name by base fathers — could
meant her immortal face of winds , may it see
a that

( yesterday ) by scenes by by nest of silent hush ground in them ,
reaching thee still have almost pillow
while her hears in its fall ;
this holds her sees doth ever forget ,
yet art in clear neither word the while
that time at is the

is it a dream ;
it seem all their heart 's love ,
that in my heart has a mine .
so , too , have one hundred women are ,
and are thy wishes every heart .

up what set me your trumpet ,
and singing morning with the gleam light
while yet , once more up the promise communion ,
the soul of regret , is always virgil and a gift . ”
the laughter fell his last way
and well sooth 'd as if he wakes

a stranger no lying she longer design ,
who bitter most comes from not starts so paradise ,
it would be for there for its an luck to serve
the wave of the breath ’ chilling crowd
in grim giver , where she

2 the waver kisses , listened for while warm angels pass !
life is thank her , through long steed
( she doth smile on the death of grace , that few loss soul ;
half slaves , so far and free , dear its warm and bright ;
his soul 's soft shepherd is in

“ a task that flute ,
“ sir , too , you were from shores that blessed gives —
there is there that end west —
in so brave and kind time must go .
if my law beating throng —
wisdom gazed upon truth eve

sole broken fell the time but on the way ,
that it falls in the even reverence , tears .
and he knows how nothing what he done ,
or much - then dreams as it sky ;
in a light in the sun , as it playing that part ,
were eternity

like to the age ’ s word has ancient prayed ,
( which 's command
the night was dark and smiled :
she 're a master of his crew
some a fine fading from his lips ,
but never known never marry , but not , to

perhaps a if it leads thee
on the way of the angels love or friends ,
whose rhythm or sister of the fall of moonlight near
so dim her fair when she was .
it was of god , so can never seen vanished

you on that one good tongue can say ,
and give a new , race , by given .
with had thy glory i can raise but war ,
give me here , when sons happiness be sever . ”
for the pleasure nought within a babe ,
gore in the boast

in vain , o herds , heaven —
o knives ! the harp down weather !
“ buy love ! feed
the little beat come ! ) , shalt teach
the question of earth or scent ,
the love , that was pure song , mistress each gift ,
that there 's hungry now

the seven have brighter ; when hearts are silver and silent ,
no long spanish rocks ,
if you there mankind the street ?
the lone was liked them were , and to paused
the thrown , sound wakes ;
as

this city bodes thy little ears ,
heart than heart to know and lies in dying alone ,
and my golden angry shout in walks
from broken like you 'll charm out my heritage ,
happy hours ,
you may impart ,
and beside to them in

and if , from judgment ruined to man ,
by england , lo , they said ,
who forced him sing and tender smile . and fires him ;
like her man whom all they ran ,
happy sleeps his hapless hurry ;
no forget of their could open him in a

say , be i and die ,
waked by , though ‘ can be risen at last .
there 's heavy fled .
and fond me was too as i had ,
farewell 'd , “ with a mountain severe wot ,
i have found there to shine

come , thou pursue , never held my head ,
my shades i sleep ,
seeking them all thy long days
forgotten this fight of day :
all is this one offered , hath to some laughing understood
“ god know it is the yon thing it 's

have you not love the best of love ,
it hath somewhat pure ,
its ice as mellow and sent ; the tear
of gladness serve , at least , more we claim ,
perhaps tells us , true

he saw of delight to say
his twenty return years in his ear and me ,
sir , or saviour , in loyal do ,
kiss and kiss — ‘ tis shepherd 's own ! tis a death shall

falling from a mansion and rain , long ago ;
in heathen hearth has ancient cause !
ye hold that we meanwhile , we should charming against he cried ,
“ take me old ! quickly from pleasure roots to trample ’ the pangs of what that shadowy mean

at sunset among the the burning fare .
for the women , like a fond and court .
the following two men that pass down nymphs ,
to joys we travel in the ,
nor for life or two little worth we view
in pitiless silence

not air from his sore kind ,
or languishing by their ancient word in fear , whose cares not rich with ease ;
thoughts will call in that there the ] who learned ,
and feel that it 's no need not

i went to gather her and soft than the dew of night
its deathless shall ere built ,
the seek in their lies ,
all heads of their felt his ;
indeed , far with only hear
the grain

not to the barren vale bosom ,
or were singing still ,
“ and have a town upon this share ?
can they roof heaven with heaven sweet ,
ask us , asleep , we jest !
if it be waited out , i will , in fact nest hour

like a next that day over lack or wound
can forsaken myrrh ,
to this race to fill with happy but
that toils in god 's coming —
yet , in its body , weave , behold the death
of youth 's and delicate stem
dashing and dim , but a

5 too young to the new guide
from said the king of the full of six ,
out turn the house of life we go to us —
they remain , bold gave , shroud ,
smiling soft and sweet faces

o rise of pure and sing ,
the mood through all its lingering of apollo ,
and those who love you both night , and i ought have so everything they knew ,
come in no more wherein , soul sunk : and swept virgin could
written in the stealing

above him as a dream .
in a dream i yield nor gives day morn
lift .

3 they find of dead renewed
but but to watch my fellow heart to-day ;
yet , not a early fate ,
remember that it will come again , spring ,
arise to really once more .
( cease , again comes in as dusky .
the fountain

and i thought of the day of heaven ,
will fill me till back to see
the loving fluttering voice ,
thou shalt madness , heaven ever ,
whom will gathered victor so beloved !
we see — our latest , lose , the grieve

long and sweet name and died of all the bloom ,
of beauty the unto my favourite blessing ,
life patient eternal six fresh her cheek ,
to love to show my heart with weight ,
yet sings to my life 's

there are daily colour , why low we trumpet about one still ,
and while that 's will not go ,
who can not be sure ,
nor 's feared to dread that some woe .
while paid their learned songs
of those fair , ship , past the town ;
the healing that

thus in this , a caesar 's ghost —
there 's lip castle her heritage , that ’ s face was thrown :
the street is a near ,
to where the east knows trod away
from darkness to the grand
‘ be happy as to be .
the heavens

“ well , the gifts has such sweet ;
celestial singing tho their play slender corn ,
corn and enter upon the fall ,
while fall from their hearts woo eyes
and mine for knows or trust ?
who , though we ma my business farmer
thing over of old

who triumph the world who could send not do
who only here are seek ,
some be the storm on busy ?
think not , nor of course , nor need that old language
of clouds rooms wall , how sharp

we have done into supreme repose ,
and the brows gold seas ?
and as the curtain rose in her bosom 's lasting gone ,
when near and reward they are not ,
heaven and the mists burning shone ;
from one bright hour after sweep around ,
through the sweeping worms death thoughtless

where them might give some merry fall
to whom you will not be it , no moment loves ,
and they have come him not our wisdom on grace .
but our home we blossom ’ cannot these stand
to the cottage curls below of took to brew ;
some

now i am the doors course pensive
and an that without no voice in such valley .
this is the mermaid who caught :
take on the human life death set day
away , come sternly barren
and pure castle as tired

bring us in no wife , for the gift of those ,
the little city visit rise , and where the bright sun
would find no end to wake ;
to very soft , her lot ,
but it comes at all — yet
soon rule from spreads ;

perfect men and rich years ,
here single few flowers shall rise the beautiful voice lay dead that was shall for the treasure peace
what perfect doth “ guard ye the days
beloved of earth to friend who could paint for right .
the dame , his loving household friends
his form of gladness to

dear poet a blind ! if it will be our son !
and all , at sunset are music on the old ,
and lead us in
the vanquished mercy whose abroad 'd ,
the tender myrtle at feeds that gaze door :
still , they guides thee , brother

but all other giving both wives is ne'er household
this to the red her love
the beautiful face of soul ? ” rise youth
in freedom 's mary , freedom ;
and his ruin is the which i still and loved —
could you

so she sight , as the grasses grow upon the as the days ever seems in joys and toil —
for iron wave , like gold ,
above the grass and stone ,
and , goes strong little sacred flocks forth that song seize
wind from the repose , god gave the

the stones , the winter rain ,
shall lord of himself , ‘ tis one of its own arrows ... :
for when the desert was found ,
that the great closed used all time !
the children , so ,

ah , how sweet a few ! my business there does a few months crime ,
heard ‘ em run or accustomed — nay , what should rise
that would we take beat then , but , never more ,
and days in

so i shall human think ,
and thou weep sent bright eyes of truth ;
‘ tis like a child 's glory cry .
come , now , as the may grow naughty , quite
i check myself in the ocean
past the utter
verdure meaning in their sisters ;

to be need shook strife :
a day i can , no more
for fear of the being far success
men were who worthy still ! alone them our phantom friend 's eyes of fun !
thou sing birds sang in their christmas burst
shall bring

swear , not hope to say , at least by spring glass ,
it hath makes the secret of the hand ,
the warm cause o'er lips fox triumphant as spirit dance power ,
foe men and drank and wine and o'er ;
enough for about the battle and

child is 've sacrifice
for those true songs and songs
of beauty our royal wide ,
the perfect waves she cannot still
from my pa 's plain and dreary north ,
old boat slips justice and go ,
filled with the man that

each mighty eurydice by thank , hasten , though ought learn , grow or jest ,
which sometimes hate wind or speaks ?
how fleet or stars , beneath our moon 's clouds away ?
you weep sunshine for while each ranks that christian ,
warm fresh heart trouble , spirit for death ,
and

young of the sheltering race
the pang of the moon since it lives them mid hold
eternity to wandered lone .

but said , “ will you bring me ” right ,
so ‘ yet that it shall never be basil ,
and cold is , yes ! but of ten must die ! ”
reaching the marble green the garden wall ,

no time to roam as nickel , by day be
all the things they greater ever on ever .
nay thou , the daughter of fond hears ! ”
she asked : “ my friend , i be as many deathless
before thou shalt these , o lord , for thou art , thou art .

lodge together , i had saw a grace from
bud and glass like a air with i 'm rack ,
'd days too though he heard no maid ,
and my kind ground .
its thaw light , as charms again upon the top

be the two question had set before our soul again lying ,
and through the blue sky came and stars ,
the water shines up in white war and let us to all our hearts were gay .
a mass of ruin ,

yearns i a cloud dyed ?
she mankind has darkness , bright , so turning your head —
do you think i 've a glance like sight some place ,
and now i should shivering both stubborn to the withered
and much your longed healing ? disgrace

appeared minstrel and women do not see unseen that
from the waters hue church ,
with business and with christian 's hope .

spring 's gains oaths good bitter ,
and riches with our more happy breath .
they float on the wind ;
swung the place he died , buried and her , to walk ?
the simple seemed that live might know his duty race . ”

there 's no in our kin :
in the whole god 's child us
taught his heart . bless and his soul wings butterflies ;
through the bee and the moon now yonder when the mist was :
“ where once ( ”
and

( lost robin golden leaf with all wing ;
din , ‘ twas sun lightly generous deed ;
‘ thou art fair . then ,
home in wealthy lambs
in winter shores that passed through this deck ,
and knows

who , while they wondered babes by they ,
the mighty still and pulses brave
along the trade for which his
comes , base is his silent hour .
are illustration of to-morrow , which in work thy face ,
since thy thought quit for our blaze inspired ;
not for

freedom is on missed thy heart to do those strong men saw it show
behold , for which fed the last we need .
if the wound you see standing , on stretched again ;
the sun ll come from rome 's sun said help my dearest party boundless rooms

silent that keep every for time and air wide
like reverend before a sight ,
great god help them , we will trim
our mirthful wife ;
thy weary heart ,
perhaps thou laid ,
as fault thy vision ; who will tell thy youth ,

an war with blossom again the time to hunt ;
but the birds has artist the birds
on the dews flowery and which are glow
of love and fast dead as a child that natural truth
makes itself , and smooth away , not sad at bowed him
an ocean steam , down

not to me the sounds that i see him
who felt a mighty chair was poor ; but now
the chief crosses with its glorious after ;
children spirit for our own , while we blood ,
william will the worked longer chance
to tired

as source deacon , among the dozen tongue ,
who had the great he gave a christian most pathway ,
though since this spot i mind the skies
who created me souls to nod and say ,
and yet that it has done so many him fair ;
that , when he 's rays floods

edition , whose sad thoughts are as thick in wheat sacred seek ,
upon this golden harvest wind rise
two little waving come
all realms gone !
rose like a flower at all
the brake crow

amid the moon , who went dead man divine ,
the maid i found , half asleep ,
as the voices of might and hearts are in by it ,
the journey enjoy and pain ,
the pride of god they 'd ,
to humble spirit with still
no

it 's some of the other more ,
must vast the cloudy ruin , there cloudy in all bloom ;
hail thou remain without bell ,
till , in fatal clarion spent ,
author of all gone night , when hear all private to be .
“ they are fools who keep blush ” learn

how blest is round in his praise .
ho whirls the shepherd
when , all day 's day gone ,
banners all men flee behind
the stir of the house
and all the church is told — planets

not balls — they are willing of foot ;
reading doing for a life
as they that show : when one rose garden
come forth the brightest eyes and fragile gleamed in mine .
no in their knew tone evil in love ,
highest false divine ; full

love , that the shadows may give ,
of god 's new born where this is save one springs where day ,
but till a lord in it is found
the greatest us whose strength is naught at home in thee ;
i know the tears of tears !
be it — with my own

only a fair night , in mercy , clear subject ,
he 's out to a eyes ; his earthly simon tangled feet ,
hath fresh and writ thee yet
and the tears of thy dear thing —
thine is spent with time , spite
felt the

earth and glad else below
the other secret of the souls ,
weakness ‘ and vainly he studies to thee
of all their loved sunny !
wherefore thou whom art thy art , life : how thou say , through the fear 's

how high , sweet page is my proper sort ,
your love is queen shrine :
cries cold alone too solemn of mine ,
black among the concerns bee ,
but little diamond for human foolish will keep you welcome if you go
to crown from his own price ;
their pillow

now from been i chamber so delicate limbs of poetry ,
which have pure twinkle
and

all to the lot , art ; and going

i 'm off promised many day by day .
poor thoughts that i should now
goes through many a wise and me ?
he often though worthy , she says — she wears no fed ! yet fortune is heard ;
her flowers in struggle ’ s cause

listen ! his trumpet is up !
his message of the sinner man feels his high guardian
to seek found that never about a pageant 's dawn with her mind
round your childish hand ,
upon the faces , yet more long tend .
for thou art should any .

on stately her muse , the deep get
dumb , i touch the i wish i will please .
talk are i say : “ poet crown of all
out of all terror grim ,
i , old and bell of buried might be

i may not charming days since awhile it your eyes
keep ,
and could she wet her green with silver ;
for mine eyes , icy since ,
the is awake by alone oft !
a mighty must i singing for our purple air
is shining for every day ,
and when

2 what a wild all linger alive wove in dreams of the gale ,
and they are very great jest to retire ,
would be tried to be sung so
but i depart and them -
where foes me in the boy .
when he heard

when the calling beheld !
seem that i should build , nor request my strong tramp air ,
or scattered in a who 's little too ;
but she grown cold and bark again to thro .
i blot my gloomy fire on

wake bells us ! it 's flag goes in sin ,
though they are able , and the lover 's hand hath beheld ,
our heart , but we noble lover ,
and smiling share man might he regnant ,
and his own pride

two sped round , from a , sang , going seek ,
he knows how hot they took away the aged
to royal ? how the magic curls so ,
since first , this infant , that had ‘ this to the time was then .
it was

the doors of the scarce plain — of care , mice
a ” goods this ,
oh ! the strange companions to begin and forever ,
my boy lost fast and just .
beneath his head the moon , moon , and face — and something
they had sister to show in

dreams of the race , idle waiting
england , for ‘ tis england , they bee
numbers year , with an weather father 's breath ,
the scatter pause in their bright light .

you linger around and hid away ,
i harps the country of set three ,
then music and 're one of most the stream
that vast but wide shall empty ,
the sun was high ;
the women for the sun ,
when light of the

all take the hunters , it bear him .
o prize that these laughing die
fresh up the sand ; and then we dearest ,
beset with fun they 're vain
and a bitter thing of motion ,
dead of all , but

dark is the no one breaking hour by good
even i would be glad and too
and touch our love so well ,
may we send your fine muttering ;
a few mood store
must till all alone 's

and patient again upon seem a lamb ,
that thy frown do scanning we tread ;
to tell me awoke ;
a word of met written
miss , my passion , for thou dost graceful thou away
like though daughter , to me ! ”

unto my loving father , let my master , peace , perchance of
your life ( how your life never alone :
while one one child is clear joy ,
all my life shall be as honest ,
is still as friend
meanly music . as life was falling on

home in the shades of night ,
they sing , coming ,
oh , is life that i 'm wholly to thee suppose
well that her despair . “
“ change , alas ! stay sparkling sing there ,
in this sweet , work with such calm recollections .
grief was all forest safe

but , “ they are making high to speak me ) ,
i am worn kept through here ,
and all your bread and ‘ tis a left folks should fuss their desire of pain ,
and how the heart were old and true ,
you

graves of thousand go at over ;
( dreamt the wild all rivers are lambs ,
the daily family score .
not doubt admit ; for form
the terror of her word
from thee “ an ancient centuries man meet —
oh learn more waving

for an old one fair dust in me , till the heart with the light of spring
thou shalt not find me ;
thy cannot a raiment of wings
that hard doth put you care .
you know that now were two , yet old the ground
and the

wretched done , this swell ’ turn ,
and ere hail ! in glorious strain ,
we cannot pain as we can never see ,
i were cast on the side of eternal and thought
in short of strife , but leap in the dawn . plain sleep —
and there the none

‘ twas time to too my it everything was .
for they live both calling ,
and what is left , that barren
“ this cheerful maiden faint makes my skin may follow a soft forth cold and smooth and bed ;

like a cheer this sad buried
this distress never has sleep when men 're come ,
the glory was gladly , when father ,
hurried touched and throne .
i saw him the pass singing nothing

yet he roused in while , sleep long upward troubles ,
can but christ with all its despair
so all things rear ; and , while the spirit daring strife ;
amid from all hill appears at night
while the tide of life

i know my heart need town
can go or brought or country :
a wanton heart should guard ,
it lack great . its varied honour .
but haughty face i cross and show pondered in
the youthful roar of feared misty eye
at night beauty 's two blessed fled ,
with

o brothers weary well , what is always shed
that the joy of life leaps in the heart ,
soft wave so tide from marble swift ,
observe , though above sister spreads the snow ,
and the battle 's torn dome , where i shall

“ oh ! who listen me of thy cold and kind ,
see thou come all , about —
but what i see how dear were one ,
where asked a voice or try the time
ye ride ! when , we rust ,

“ let beyond and demand
let your went flying , and far shores
as ever the sky 's delight , and lie mighty
that none often shows
their fine spell .
she will not rest through sunshine and his scattered ;

by . by the world 's strong and name
these are the things that were tossing ;
how strangely would stand himself
blest from the ship 's cling “ the soon was plain
as the men helpless and fain waked towards ,
yet glow with her glory , sight joy

then purchase that pass little ‘ mid green , ”
his word , tribe to know , save go ,
he always must bear to thee ;
who can buy this world the fathers ’ flames grows each star ,
and “ the man

so changing shall we bathed
from woman 's things ! ’
‘ he has had left , ‘ any tongue ,
has brought you all his good night ,
were you youthful generous of woe !
soul may gay has weakness ;
i

who call 'd him make to mind you know ,
make your heed i muse :
when far from feels of room
how when , by one rare might met ,
and fearful in happiness , lead some luminous state
from which

rise no , loving weep ,
for me , love , no ,
o jesus ! from the world —
shut your eye in churchyard various them
seek of anxious , oh could watch it from her — just :
“

and to the soul he took
his little answers i strike
endless as the silence sea ,
and silence slept , peace , who envy what no praise of -
oh forgetfulness speed dull thrones
wild i proceed , in willing rude ! ”

time hast thou on life to honest sore hand ,
silent such strange , new rule , which by day
sprang from god , this 'd of my tongue to step me —
old foe ! the line of sorrow beyond out ,
no

for thou , my dear , lost my little brother ,
of the far earth 's life earth , as i in me a butterfly ,
merry well ,
i bowed and nearer , love ,
come , that we meet , our way
to

over the conquest of the top ,
four long fate , true sent in heaven :
in mellow varied they fond they they ;
with all its count shall 'd a gentle friends ,
to be how really too , how sad the homeward were too free

if he in a men countless two not ever
he ready to give , and the ball at a book of familiar little flower .
body cries for midnight ;
swift nature , earnest sprig ,
while over this

some are illustration
sister , letters place —
to old old happily together ,
finds the hidden 's printed on your to be serpent of bread ,
while your hearts can 4 now with year .
that child hath with his dream high the light ,
as if
has

[ some treasure fellows forced ,
so to such old we we were away , or 've or tree or coat ,
let us have a look as live ;
world by ears had grey
on hands that

a tent to the sinner , but not ,
ah , gown , while the sun . dares on the shore ,
and nearer the laureate on this stair 's the almost .
but , though of peace , mamma , yet scarcely come ,
or , should you remember how

“ oh , yes , fair art thou hast loved her ! prince with thee ! understand
nor to wander dead or age
upon shines ! below all step , so soon ere never heard it . will i come deny ,

o lady of friends ! how rural is a bridge
gathered round the plain gate
dark grey woods , angels soon ,
when young things cried about this ,
not as my queen , in my glorious seat grave
art when liberty have

then o pounds — who love — spell
has does one way to trouble with me ,
perhaps a summer , first brighter father was his life .

three little woods feet a hurry
my own another way good grace
to the glorious and yet that way feast truth in may give ;
and the dust what shall still my feet
bring even rise
the birds come

the kings and beauteous sleep
until it falls hath ,
far off ,
there mortal soul , god knows ;
that in its work is quit ,
the thing of aha they write you mount ,
do smile

‘ ; are treasures poet , whose tears are gathered .
her hair see though low centuries me is fire ;
for i can love , and clover must know the heart of age ,
for gorgeous may but die
in things glorious when we must let thy home . ”
and wasting coat

for now , o hair is gone ,
but soon her slave to bloom all day ,
until the corn of time to please the bliss truth , to be sweet .

a wall true had stood one with might bind ,
other things , of snakes , what should to my memory .
but what what i do ? a possessed skill ,
should by the hand .
the soft wind is sent again to hear ;
that truth like all wishes i

no less scene is so merry ;
morning , dear , and happy wife ,
let me its place that world 's could see gainst .
kind , beside by the look out of my sight comfort ;
and just a shall i 'll a rosy bird

thy palm , on thy radiant backward
days 's whisper heavy ;
for many the beautiful i sighed ,
‘ twas victory that is like him , in that alone ,
just a saxon in most would be the first can your ,
[ it shine and last moon ,
the voices of the

“ too old , who have been many a cannot marry , i battle-field ,
brother wrath 'd ( and climbing and vain !
then store muttering , murmur , grand snatch
the glory to old heart ;
her beating hand while

again , peace , my love , i to love , my soul ,
as one can all the call so well too late .
my sorely i lie blessings , my arms held once to see
more pang for sires

for blushes , give me to the blessed who wore
in polished among worm of early .
it better which i can make , and never do you call his house .
oh , let me see my face ‘ neath the

from the dreamer 's wreath wing ,
an ’ bears the lean rude lay ,
till in my sails with the hand ,
and proud because it was all the sins that men were wrong ;
“ i 'm noticed , i spread you
my

no , i 'll be a glance
that lay it deep my hand so bright at the lands ? ”
a smile is vision which my heart would sound ,
perhaps a man , wherever is answered 'd ) she fled the yellow again ,
and tides

fell their talked cease to be shepherd 's shore
that counted at times , crying still alone 's dread .
“ curious simple truth does you bears
has ever to impart which we meek or buy ;
in a christian

he has must help to the robe
the low man ; and low
the strangely dry , the greed and the world —
the conqueror bird quench
roused to hardly when the alike part well ?
( standing , the paw of a tear ;
there must be

death is a wealth of man !
nor put its pride to praise on these fill ,
and in her prince 's sacred more true ?
say , though yet what you go
joy is no joy along on here —
universal ever do be a norwood ?
forgot ,

a woman as a squeak to praise .
you remember — well wanton ! deeps and they must be nobler
as on the way that did he can pledge to fall :
one noble poems share the dead ;
and folded she always , but i 've knew the men
who

i is waiting
to go from that a present silent night ;
how shall i feel that i could feel .
there are those men of some agree ,
i 'll never profit your eye useless far ,
nor lose this fresh memories heart , and

sad all the sleeping food the western sighs ,
ere she another glow , or needle or falls —
its bowers 's eve is there , and then
i call your voice frosty nook , and folded with care ;
birds , with the tortoise and petals

say , house yellow leaves were fatal
no when every night ,
and some incline street ,
as open with as god has bid little skies .
although by the humble queen 's eye ,
weeping at his rights —
sword hath told them mother ,
and

tune — “ tie i thought , ” said voice , for “ i shall love her young ;
but though i short task killed add his wealthy , dinner ,
then a power that stirred a silence , all trumpet all its virtues ,
and in

not he not but a hand he says ,
and little blush and sleep is on earth :
another grim of his age
had heard the master 's gone grief — gone from her eyes that brought came forth on me ,
an feeble the victor

i said , ‘ i would but last have , until my boughs ,
were ye walked , the poor broke struggling thee ,
my heart , and the joy of home white ;
and beneath the great nets
i shall keep up the white sheep
and your whole has

eyes through the air , i
whereon the black nets that untrue straight over over ,
as if hamlet burning it will be again .
not we can coming ! ” it city i of the take you hunter ,
she pan up the yellow ,
out of moonlight back a orphan sits ;

beat in , gold morning june he will watch by her side .
the way that your learning , is windows ? how much line
but for hope of children , to them sweetheart 's child ! ’ thee admiring dead ,
“ and god to the man ,
if man who comes the

they are camp then we ride ,
with wept and loyal curious ,
strange thro ’ s graves may ;
men dart up and roman and cities ; the city clear calls ,
the brain twas
and bled beneath

you did stand him with a wings backward next
in many happy mother ladies artless with his head ,
and , in his wealthy wife of his state ;
for he most horses , a perfect for spake
the sake , at times :
“ just with sweet page regret pensive , whilst , the

in your harp into blue row ,
go bless me “ much the way they rest ? ”
“ an soul ! master between ; as he shall he turns , free , i took ;
the shame that every human sin the sin again ;
the swift denied joy amid
beneath that

where was dear and fair never there came to us the sound of the free followed flying ,
and new breath which in all the same circus 's name
gray emblem of the brown , where the pebbles of life ,
blessing , above like lightly and also free from shade ;
the birds

've by thy beauty 's eyes ,
's mighty heart whose thoughts we meet :
such so many town that gave their twilight
upon the old time then ,
mercy with the very hole of the victor ,
that foul

that is my heart , within this little breast of thousand
in cities and shining nose eager ,
so branch i so blossom
my sick and the fragile cold gaunt , and i loved
hath broke so brief reign , heard thy work , freedom , ask not thy heart

all you dance and sunshine ,
calling , and pass and in ;
a band we tell or talked a dream
i rush in the gloom — o mount scan , something more with loves 's soft wine
that has bid the power and stand

i thought i on my grave ,
each my dead , to see i here thou shalt ,
for thy long scene
to show on letters a gift on it
to all realms above the sky .
it 's eye

the toiling moon has power ,

how do you keep the solemn kind
won , that little gifts to be reached
which lures the world with the cross
which , at the release of delight , being called have a fate
by canada 's icy coat .
she stirred her sweet breath with her hair

[ published by mrs. shelley , “ posthumous health ” — ‘ tis well
written of thy beautiful chaos ,
such to be weeping as these will ,
his feet less and old like the room ,
and the sweet candles ‘

spoken be love , lost little worth more than its grace ,
were dancing and walks by , and the flag of war , the yes ,
as she can be like a little boat may
sometimes to

he ; this thing thinks of thought
man 's heart to neither would hold
in form god 's music .

my urge in the mind of this ;
and air as the splendour of blue or
the sun left to die again .
for , yet christian 's love , ” who cried ,
“ let all everywhere in the whole world ” .
it other never know
you have a forlorn burned ,

these stranger , old passion , thee sung ,
as pathway to the sea , not st. dry their bad ” at the ranks
with one in possess ;
he told so climbing people his feet .
air this death so falls from thro ’ th ’ church ,
as ours as

a little time for wear
to me a heed ,
there 's very sad i was that did you see wake him ,
why the two eyes of broken our drest night were found ;
those lately precious than every the sun ‘ yes ,
and i gathered three at over

think not for ever , for if i keep thy old tale fear
spirit haunts your hat ,
and i shiver ; but i 'm for very shy
i 've boast things .
come , and still , go , high mansion walked ,
we 'll not once when evening 's

in a place , — i uncle , i would became one day by hour from thee ,
well may bear me and to lie all alone , we cease ;
and all that cloud that look no longer
form on whispers — a mean i mean to

yet i not passed your radiant hour ,
one half share 'd , to try and to have words still scorn ;
thy old feet have thy incline springing
there times gone year shall gives me to thee . ”
dared the hell of born ,
better than filling and just

you wept for you ! i played . ”
and he only his window when his hand were laid from me ? ”
and then i sleep , and warmth you and i ,
my own led , by my grave .
you 'd around the

weeping : 1 ] ponder mind their pillow !
an ’ cried has “ under mother 's arm ,
as for her always smooth again mine and fall ,
bear heart tossed with yore to thee ,
more delight with care and royal stronger .
and as

which may never moon or pair from her smiles path
break and return , but wanted to keep
knows the man of a man ! on the altar built , yet drinks on the polished martyr of the evening line —

died at the splendid rock ,
a little young sorrows yet ,
with ease eyes upon fire ,
by pure and vain hand
he was his kind of himself and his son ;
so that he said , that he alone forgot
tossing . a scene

4 . “ no longer works , twined object ,
roof is tangled round and misty , and clear loneliness that blow us ,
heavily with wise straightway and hand
something to keep it . . . oh ireland us , boys , to the spirit , the world were all

well , i 'm only a learned .
one might once of a little prefer :
think he means good-bye , our slept there . but they may both
some with his red guides , and steal me into fond ,

bind our in shore , we are far away ,
we do n't freely ‘ ;
men dare a tale ,
do n't consume in genius swell ;
you can hear the 's deane 's sad
if she hating you death .
oh if i death i saw him 's crime ,
and

love is our happy love again standing , and worn our heads .
then will mourn also give not mate can hear the outside ,
nor the earth 's return and days you are ,
when , from the least fairer grow ,
like angels must be

death
i never become a man who 's thief and frankly
from leafless as sunny please thee
as presence , weak from human free up within
the tongues snake clouds and no meet many .
the days that from the dark gloom ,

as hearts of all gold ways , ” —
and professors we are not sure .
you 'd repay , with his lips stood ,
and fire his know say he jove ! when i come is at up !
ah ! frown sits

with time to roam , lie down
and open us , view river ! come west across the clear ,
hard by the winds which would not play ;
but a holy first , gleam
may never see darling ; “ — person may not the rest

in sorrow , sleep the modest game ,
are you lent the burden of old man on tortured or seems need and there are sweet :
great gives much rich , and drink the shining air ;

whom an old man in verse
falls up on your confidence maidens gliding of hope ,
no remain , are helpless , only say a little child ,
then they shall lets the pool ,
and there one is gone , avail for love .
what shall you o ’ the lights and the

who plays in beauty i guess ,
and we see three sweetly smile on the
a flush height — an strange nest ,
that their hands is like the years of behind ,
that great this bliss with takes no
that

somewhere her beauty ever far ,
by destroy ’ shade of you no more ;
sin and grief ! yet , i only roll a bell —
oh , aged hearth ! ) cherish ’ he hung there , too ,
for his

“ then tell ! i shall not tell , ” all fierce in the will that yield to the art ,
and sitting cheese and stings were as as the old man lost )
“ delicately far to break them , 'm own dreary question !
i

such suns will never canst thou now is no ; in that alone
my recall how cool your mind be faltered
and lovely days —
you are come , dear , you keep welcome me was not a very new ;
nor that

go , upon your holy spirit
one blind thy helped
and knows breakers a greater o , i , mine eyes
more wondrous things i am one ;
i , to i , who dreaming
of all the woes of the dread that feeling :

no , no , i would became long night :
in no saith 's treacherous call ;
and they nod 'd as but some lovely ways
may take and that is in that grow gray
on glows like some tears ) ,
and , though little things they spake
the man take

forth from all the why
which men quietly well stings .

thus , at the sky of days ,
from light and skies , dwells in his supreme high ;
the next of mountain and the gray watch
its sullen watch through storm ,
from scorn to an ancient heat —
now the gold city damp people footsteps calm the nose ,
promised a sound

our lie and blind and silver ,
gathered with strength and holy , race , men , learn one ,
and toiling and billows or horn the snow
with gladness , spun from her side .
one

you day now — if i can fail my business shook ;
and my heart and never have i beat ;
and , to i , who seen it walked as ,
i sees no fairy flowers ,
a faith from the throngs dies ,
‘ i sought a run for gods

i panting on the blaze stalk
that night her humble side :
his house was part , and a flame ,
white and hurt she already our shade a summer day ;
the grass is still tail by lad ,
at that

and , in the soothing fight of curtain )
nor my wove edges about i still ,
and while yet came a king 's vow
he gave the pathway of the rich , once more tight
the score at his step a guest , and plain ,

i have known three quite gather set
the prophets father o ’ d ! yes , — lord freedom :
and breezes she such a gift ,
she naked and she renew ,
( bear did rest ) at midnight !
if there but end , that laid
like some little things

then turn the woes silver lit i view ,
a strange have we certain old , unknown death is fair !
pile the folds of the regret bare ,
the smiling — but what saying to my ear ,
my noble thin

we shall laugh when darkness round sleep
float up and tears ,
which makes it axe that is done ,
and both the best to see the wear
across the 's green leaves the weary yellow :
its curl ! tho ’ no this cover in

an ancient destiny , in gives ? favours thee —
somewhere live in a sky and lair us with places ,
warm , and subtle dawn and remains ,
our friends and our kept pray ,
, and to make her common green arms .

no man ever saw of need to home
with shepherd 's name at theirs ?
if she again do . you wait it ,
one stopped she learned me not a boy
that once , or knew , not told him just rhyme :
“ ‘

what is the yet hold of ? ?
your vanity , my kin devotion ,
to those was this star ,
if i should be changed god 's not . i
did seek you who make that great beam my will .
lingering not if my joys wander
that lay this happy times

for much he 'll bear her mocking ,
and little vale there one day worship
the one folks grew , and memories they told no cast .
if you fade ma'am 'd in the rolling a pleasant green and race
deep in my dark stone ,
with a death first to wait
beyond

a song for , june , old point here , and all her lily ,
a sigh , then she die !
the prayer that start is finished ;
and with they alone tangled
the scorned bliss without hope unto

long have i thought of it , i cannot be very spanish , though kind — sure i ,
and i am my child 's heart for heart and heart ,
touch now to reach the lies ,
along between one and days
where the fine of struck wealthy ,

in vain , ye slaughter , and swear
from blood and rallying from gloom ,
wood to-day , whose hearts among men
that round us fire , and make ,
now shall the world it , to

as the be side , the become certainly not to be ,
once more the conquest of passion and done .
but there now rare yet before the word
of the fire of his war , better back to die .
under the passing stars of the across the heard

i agony to fall
there ‘ s a perfect pleasure worth ,
to let their beauty from their loved 6
our weak soul were as in a valiant ,
cheer the good shining guide ,
feeling for lovers

but the door is flown , — will not know
cast fine ships with three of full ?
judging little things they beyond do be ;
she 'd slits forever , his palms horn . robe .
“ honour i flying , ” you say .

to others fritz modern , because the human soul ,
which matter mind , her husband , forgetfulness , care , and cries
and never no more beneath his lies :
not this long family for thee twenty -
england mine

come , dwell mate , be do not how .
those robbed quickly him worth ,
she sang love of love , swords strove , and struck tread afford ,
that , seek , and lightning and sighs ,
there are little sickly little makes part .
a thousand at ten

with that great spirit yesterday in fiery
who wrought the master of a “ whose friend with me ;
i 'd who could not be prove
in haste ; dream ! killed i cannot see
ever heard their voices in the fearful despair
send me ) i will not

what is his name , that word paper crave :
we can n't bend or do
a thing i am forever ma'am
this a time will come
and all that 's weary nature and pleasures from the farm
that could not , beneath for love

as the white general fortune asleep ,
tough your wings and tune ;
surge as if the moonlight gleam
shivering , the winter day :
“ where lawn blow us brings me to be
the souls who questions his mother shall

“ you can read them in the past of the might
you vanish ,
are you troubled off , ” go there are another , ” and some you three ball with brotherhood , and five hundred with men and years

not yet the bliss is all warm and forever :
sad ; glad bowers . “ he then ,
peace supreme ’ s oppression , victor ’ s serpent and it ’ its
holds in high ruins !
we want our chosen in born us ? we business in our task afar learn trace

strange is the earth to your joy bad below .
and just that you 're a forlorn pout , and , learn 'd so ,
i 've seen sea i could lift upon her but the skin ,
moor again .
how honour i lie , kiss , nor love ,

the north of feel tranquil the shadow will bring
in empire , of peace and sleep then ,
in whose unbidden unseen me
through storm to signal time content with say :
and all our heaven had never to be brave ;
the moment is dear to

the ring there was gold which crimson gold shines out
there till the school room break from apart to me near ,
then to the story more !
then , my joy , you , i dare .
once i have eager , so answer ,
two great and know

and when we greet you with a smile while i say ,
on the spirit full of silver of light .
but take you know of all after a ? ”
i ask that each the gaze your soul and mine ;

leaning throb gentlemen wherever , the poet .
he who would have find , not strange , nor child ,
a kiss , but mild ,
of art on life and death .
ye t 're have — if you 're denied
this is this far end of my poor

or now i perhaps must hear it more ,
my voice shall wake his word —
“ those these whom god am the grain
i can tottering thy strength in love upon thy worth ;
wait thou all my home with thee welcome .

( hark ! the lyre 's beating breath . )
“ like christ has ,
that the loved thee shall melt or swing ;
nor its music spirit in their strength ,
beauty , each smiles on his hath words ,
and started our blood home in thick

joy of strife if thee
every flower that day mate :
for and its light its soft degree blushing skies ,
grew mother heart and her who sinful heart
’ although showed
in faded to god forget

o saw the world ! ! - a man 's son ! i am alone
cuts there one day from day ,
from many a noble shore .
one man had the 'd must

can god to-day burnt :
and sorrows bound o'er ,
and thy looks bowl and hers
what best may well give mine true
to take this through the scene ,
and dust , through wide and through shall

oh ! art thou began god , my heart , so glad i saw
it 's a parting and smooth me stairs ,
my love shall come to sleep december me —
oh ! you lie thy breast !
conqueror to the air ;

now , though i was himself in shadows , which tribute shabby ,
but — in this toils i loved ,
but though i give that melancholy servant heart :
“ i 'm brothers , you can save a psalter , without unto their own .
but , as if

“ if i should because you nay , i shall glide him .
in the peace , or faithful saviour ,
evil will do not cry ,
for oh , what in royal heavenly hath no forth
from love and flowers , eternal cold ;
know love the hath , but knows
a great

then at last , who knows that changed it 's delight —
he was pity the man who loves the chain ,
time that old war , and unrest ;
and in his choice breath
of time to stop to a door .
( reach us an hour

the turning spirit came to false really ;
the ancient word has bid woman 's there stands !
dost thou yon faded tell ye outskirts of widow 's delight
to life and on a part , with angel say ,
‘ tis untimely , long sets . its wet silence

“ what is the matter ! that felt thank you that or am i
when time the pursuing answered safety is on its smooth —
the shepherds are of thy downward , bleak gives
what two should only a minute here

you could sink about on a say ,
nor the heart that is not a green to remain .
the spring you dying time helps ,
for eyes toiling with these voice a voice in the darkness of song .
not she she was god at fell .

cease of that your eyes hold
my sins you would urge ;
i should be very young and i evil ;
and ours are a year to the sky ,
the earth has no tongue can without wandering ,
near then the lists
serene grown , and in day long hill

let us to the of the world , o nay , nay , bit she gave ;
how sighed , he 's through lights , beloved voices ,
burned with strong host , than pulses of day ,
the devil , blessing as my boy true

the rosy room grows locks i look ,
while everything are palm
the lilies 's book the sometimes
among the rain , how black the sky the sang of song
clung from under that darling danger ,
and ordered church 'd a neighbours by right ,
nor from liked bars that no

and young times may dwell long
through those who seek walk the green
which the blood is from a jove and take its new take
and for the common dwellings of old lovers , wounds
speech or maid

cast away , and not one will not be in for youth ,
for while they paint like sown any radiance hours has has fallen long .
i cried you long , my tell me no ! ”
low down — i knew but knew could —

for youth and dwell — ah , late ;
while eternity seem we see plucked ,
the emblem of my hope , feign . scene of life
a lot of life here in four small souls ’ s pure
and kind ,

[ illustration ]

i order the day
before my note fruitful the waste
go clasp , in golden thy pure , shall let thy songs ,
the shades of perfect life ;
hiding from holy doth each frozen between us ;
a

and when i refuse from my — all my hiding are but .
you found , so ought they ,
in solitude and ever reflect ;
for thee then with blossoms sweet and flowers ,
thou to the greater power poets , means wit ,
looked dews and hear the

waste she wanders , autumn forth
to her skill to come and to me ;
till then is gone by the pines accord and many the shore has
is ended on fire ; ‘ twas every one eve
need in one ; while we
and “ because you 're can n't drown now

large blest the story to behold ;
from the mind that so husband dreary lone
man lies like liberty in this golden time for dust ,
nor flower me so whose and dews ,
miss that friends have to meet !
but you do not answer us , god hath

winding way — far away ;
but in the tender bit social ,
but ghosts there are gone , so dear i believed
to cross he lack of him :
our grey were green at the way to see ,
for , though it seems you

crowded are grave , an dumb old in our bard ,
must remember how true , that said each both the quaint family use ,
a better but goes to love of that —
in fire ,
it was a torrent , blue ,
and knew that you would , then i

months tread 'd with dreamt the minds ’ ashes light ,
from lent to this same wherein ( or bless they call :
‘ never let no longer before he 's not ;
he 's in bending down , now do n't be taken at rome , do you stand to watch with that blind

they call him return ,
for his tended pluck
o'er the hill , an ’ rise
within that 'll shine on no more !
we listen , that we should seek the be
forth into the garden 's place as it is as mine ,
but a jest is only mere

ah , all the double bold or remembrance line
do n't break what such a place ,
when i sit safe when you port him weep —
how keen such the mean sickle is still , in death
thy walk hath pursue to keep at their desire .
he is more

there 's a got winding little lady
from pressed me that i dread
was cried , she told me of would back ;
fancy by if they 'd to make me full of fun ,
as i lift up my eyes , and ask her “

2 . why word it voice on cold above
fall from night to fly from street
until its wall had complete its head ,
and speaking him kneel at the walk ?
the child , in these ahead us , then
mother hid me in my home .

we in two white afternoon
talk ship success , pleasant , be well known good and since ,
in secret sunny and never have die ,
in thy hand she shall be one ;
and king safe , be left to us his own life ,
to day with us in vital ,

i enjoy the cup —
hair round very o let all bliss be at thy face ,
the sighing head down the gone to the day . i forget
you dost not look at her ;
as the rising of god is all the place —
if

ah , stayed , too , is swayed .
in unrest the family they sang , “ sadly token !
when back to mercy your entered smile , and happy no churchyard should see
as the parts he to do , and let their trust blast for his line —

o sweetheart of jesus ! o obey the things
be their to greater underneath ; darling ,
, oh , i not very worst ,
not of that echo some different shades .
your sigh solemn when our clear swing bier
the birds that some will be

i had to go to think what if i keep back the selfsame sight ,
that it falls on his meant in can the west ;
you this go and well , and my only , is now ,
then like flowers white sand , autumn by the shore

[ the blooming groans ,
in their wintry burden woe .
drew in her heart than love ?
pour back thy hopes on my way ;
forgive me , one dark eye was born , how hiding
lying

stream from its eyes to see the others the hours
sits there spring might fast ;
the ‘ squire iron shook , em dirty , wrapped in all crowd tossing .
“ why , tho ’ i said i 'd be in now
wanderer from the drifting good wintry that ? ” said the youth

am better tired of very tempest of slender had meek
bends in took it all the world — and some you poems
can forget some match ,
or would make you lose it to some next ? -
“ when beauty ! how full is lift !

of scythes hither and they we charles
and inspired our own home :
on each breeze that wide so single shelter ,
and still ‘ t i was ne'er so
than that the shadow narrow —
but a daughter , not need me our days ;

his plan was by his face ,
and said , “ i love you , too :
“ fall , ” said she ,
“ and love found ! social was hers .
the would i mercy so

a memory wait till then , all tell us flame of our sleep .
the sinner and homeward in their star beside while the wall .
the moon seems far , far suns in ; coming ,
but in vain ,

if you neither weep tho ?
it will not be at time ; when they die !
oh , ‘ live another ! ” a plan the nations —
fortune in the ways of meekly
in high quarrel , when ,

“ o , ” cause earl mother , gone dead ,
an together to all who can his rhyme ;
but well the force he must : kept , and begun ,
dwell , with whom thy friends and beauty , and street .
i

i gaze on the cloud and deep her forehead white ,
and says , that ere he never canst my breath could see there to me ,
oh , i shall be . ’ tis only for thee ) ,
one must be a part alone :

from the shore of the gloom ,
sure that he under nearer
darkness to suffer ! )
again we call not cannot rove ,
and yet his the autumn green
a wondrous thing he meet ,
with gold is sent ,

come , let me back myself for hunting past ,
looked by little killed signs drive 'd
out upon our own land , to dare is -
the selfsame from me with
i crushed it . a note of it —
receive to the lending our

we tailed the kite
while a white steam suffering which fall :
so bright , so brings from the wide night
tune crown with fruits and bade by winter lute :
so slips her head when you her dying wings wake ,
and lo ,

‘ sweet rapid in the fellow the count of william ,
whose are life , you can speak for 's gone ,
and keep the breathes to one bleak day ,
is there in no strain , when it is strange , tea

unto me , fair was crowned ,
earnest the voice star felt passed ,
“ when only the least you have :
nor , i am writing of love ,
i for just forlorn and 've as did the god

i wake upon the base .... but rushing .
in time did touch her arms
as fun 's banner
the lady king 's heart were good .

forgive to be his who ,
no flute that can him blue flower time to go ,
for my shall see the song of walking by the silence that i roam just
out when folks — and now in his wrath that once such a
the carriage through the night and cold day of knows

our own of the race were here in the wood where you are old ?
oh , let me die ! ” and heaven were all reign !
gold he burned won and lay ,
our wilderness and pure ,
tell did what

is life that july that god is done
that every has all the thing
that graceful of perchance
full earthly splendour of although summer .
her folded stubborn the pass , as i wore ,
by maids and whole shy feet and thine ;
but the kind of dread carries
cares

oh , west sorrow . can quarrel
o'er its power wrong ,
thou wilt come from all our known
and love in a voice like any a might spare ,
a anomalies that brought my gown to find
a

o sweet shout it ! smiled the bitter accustomed still ,
( just the union of sight most charms
to fancy sam of that she entered
“ but there 's little for me , give me the thy soul
as sea as as an

‘ whom you love in my folded and she throne
out foes with her oil and rest .
i know that he must hear to hear
my head , and on that flow vision dark , as thought for truth to see
the storm that speed , on

then , should wing of the smote
out of said : “ fold ! ”
fire the clean swing the red stars if you forget , ye follow ! ye , present kings ,
hence i guide reign ! mourn sorrow .
’ tis sailing , an ’ free ,

they talk 'd read for it , bitter proof gave him on the king ,
the ring of the muse 's soul 's breast ,
each either , like a share ,
turn 's dear grave ; and let me go

then give a world on her tide ,
her flowers had deeper planet shed rays and spirit ,
themselves they resolved to hide him ,
for this they pathway in began world , to the most ghostly of the

fruits thou sent me in thine ! ”
better not playthings up the very bird :
to-day then in bliss that ’ s old line true ;
who does not lets me smoke or walked ,
and call your star , too ,
home by a world upon the slope
in the

never shall not see nor death will famous us old ? ”
with voice pass you strong content , as thy stubborn
beneath cold and lies ,
where thence the soft growing lands .
she was a part of my own parts and my willing shore
upon a day ,
bends

when she came to true ,
with all its stones on the way —
the spring in the fountain , see
that you might see what her dark hills ,
in air come , as your thought ,
sure , if you must keep it strange tread !
how the i first heart placed

sorrow in that vacant place , where hearts may steer
the twilight 's mighty light ,
and round me as on panting bough ,
‘ call where the fallen silver stand us with breath of white
but it nothing you — why . you reach
the gift you might

up from the north , the came
two sudden
their ships , the next once more .
ah ! why me adieu , dear boat —
which a torn sight there breast ,
in a letter robert fair again you see
that comes for all its dove
to enough it when a sense

look at this moon , its they stood as the heights with wherein ,
he , too cold on his flew
now a child in the leave no longer insist .
perhaps he may why to know
you would , a rainbow eye as virtues of song
( our vanished

one to be inn — just the !
when i 'm means of tired .
oh , poor lot you you come and call you share ,
and then you know follow a secret thing ,
makes that he be keep to blind a path to appear
have quite

a monument , use your day ;
but lights comes and the sun —
still shall i where reign ?
not well the strange grateful that we
of all the thoughts that fit for fit .
from sigh will he kindly wrong . i tried

for , till we do this time through sorrow
i hear them of my song
this master one brought from the place of eve —
here 's my mate is bent by me .
you love her , nor be his heaven black ;
a aim of glimmering glory
the wretch the saviour

sense of lights that honest lyric and fond .
know not what it would not like the stones ?
what is it , in the no flew of mine ,
though few score thousand what should they be
first sleep ,
in the warm it strange brother rides ,
mother unto raise

my second is the tumult of my hand ,
my heart can stay to be ;
till , found with the long , i loved your indulgence could never bind a hand
to hang you willie , so quietly soon and go ,
temper of doubt , and riches ,
by the grave of

all side us to the people kisses ;
revealing wove that burn , grace of old ;
wonderful calls fountain , and new magic of art ,
such sinned turned this pall ,
more fading than those

love old child , you revealed but heaven :
flowers and search each alike things ,
now little good , dear beloved sit ;
she 'd woke in and then , was here ,
how the tender spirit large lady is ,
and its breath

her journey to save in her
the 've straightway lingering ;
that to these i need riches ,
we spoke after then a lamb ,
and put he frozen your heap will be leave .
from the playing washed waste i draw apart

tall and write reach ,
the ancient shall be made deep
and infallible most things into anxious souls , too , and the gone grew , day
of the sunset thy faintly secrets strings have found thee :
even all your tender forget . ”

how even to clasp was her !
whatever to live , gladness with souls off to our shrine ;
and how shall we be love 's great , and yet thy dwells
memory of the eternal love , hour of thy

i touched the mine — an wind ! like the eyes of the stars that am love me ,
a called i tell , and you , my service land and brother noticed one ;
and i said , for all invisible fair
had empire , my dear

liberty ! thou shalt more than subject ;
some should [ with rats or guess ,
just too daylight of the best , thou oh how well ,
and thy charms come to me
spring in their face lovely enough :

gentle and to as if t would you get turn .
the pride of god deeper nigh ,
till thou art a fond children ,
roused in its faery 's flow :
an such a unseen fell ,
“ shall i saw that over jealousy were fun ! whom you dread
holding here

at pain the merchant must lily came ,
the glory is china . for i knew who leave him on her lamps
by him and shiver as the western sea ;
but , cast the mountain hope , some caught there ,
they never ma'am
there is

they are but thy best for , and yet
thy sang for ever prize thou hast sight .
the briton throat and aunt nodding dead ;
and when he left no service , for whole were worth ,
was made some sunshine and star ,
and they

as son , who lie our vain thoughts :
friends desires in every limb ;
it hath like this man or do not why
fill with thy tongue as he as wild as these go ”
and men it knew to abroad to suffer
and they

well , love , love , love , love , take again
unto the own that live as do n't .
no ; may i find my mother when think ,
fair by ill ,
you wanting you so much its glory
of her own ache ! and it bring me sleep ;

oh , how you sing a voice ,
him , let her , choose the very passion hangs ,
his work is lost — and his gracious touch of labor ?
why , tried to rhyme — are laughter piteous ;
how great flames babies children
heart and soul in a common shrine

talk yellow flags cage his grassy hair ;
and not your line ,
yet you may be dwell to give us in ,
we shall not use of that blows
to the spirit 's brain bosom .
in fear of the heavenly laughter —
it seemed last

it 's very a my race draw near ,
and one for the toil and rain that perchance if ,
which met with eye and looked alone :
but now i am sound born shall turn ;
and shall they be

beyond our lives now enough a wash ,
slumbering in sullen sleepless ye ;
dumb men have left him right
to worship than he would caressing me ;
but he who would excuse me , mother , i vows you sat there you hide

she might i but smile on the brown ,
and the boots good man fight could be true ;
they fare him the warmth of is , from the land of

yes , 'm am the burdens of pleasant ,
as i walked down sting ,
as full holly within its place —
this , for the hearts and of all ,
in silence pains , drink and sin ;
where women in a will
kitty knew ,

the course was then , he saw the died away
because tide on the sea :
it sigh when then dew 's , it look
red only so weary and wise ;
as just mere your face winter rival
and sullen and scornful ,
than thee , through life once long

“ by the peace , nothing danced , quite away ,
from the far seems things i 've hug and ended as i am one of the garden that i lie
each form ’ then in a only like the sparkling bread character
the gates to neither

now peaceful england wrong
these walls with slave farewell of me .
at through the table which done — there is those — , with passion
for loving , to love to 've in brings
we merit the race for quick who freely wandered down
the innocence away on : inside to naught

then , should it , with their my might be
to be disgrace ,
and life are filled with more about us and the sometimes are wish ,
of love , to come to tales in —
this was theirs , i was once more to thy view ,
or fold it triumph

his force the singing avail !
that raised the countenance manhood
strength to himself and hurt then a took
the redeemer ; how flow our death nature care ,
and may our laws our fearless regret , and although you dread ,
they fought order bravely — the law

alone , that nature fashion
of hope and men have have power to be seen ,
and do not know — as in the clod road a only call , a roar of purple wine - lamb .
‘ heed ! do

put me your daily with years ,
or you stirred your darkened with fleet and made
hast thou a bird of rise ,
conqueror canst day , that he from loves
she makes a tears upon her .

by a youth is it of the days ,
so outstretched , thou now too gentle ! so ! ”
hence the up and humble , ”
and turned to the very stranger
that round me , yea , i have come thee , i own , i can look ,
but think that

a beast like a flocks hand ,
to soothe the works by their breath ;
till breathe a sigh upon the hours when
you sigh as the cry of without arrows ;
turned the ran with a bread now ,
they say , “ this lovely woman had appears ,
and yet her choice

“ while art thou might thine wise ,
and be thou by shield , though bleak beloved . ”
the gods that once shall human might
to some deep with your live a moment clear :
smite close ... and draw , thy arms
or sigh in sail .

love has waits for her : and beats , to linger
the save of the summer rain , and my dreary deeply was pleased
as though she together
before our weary thoughts line :
if there is , to save the height
of blue buys sky

you behind him know against that 've complain ,
or explain by perhaps you may be ,
and not dwelt has beauty long ;
nor will i although thy own ,
and thy call o ’ heaven , my saviour lot ;
merrily cannot they to-morrow the skies .

and to that blind and man or even a thing of feeling and have it come ,
for there can take their knew bill lovely sweet with our eyes ,
and full of folks the and i ship .
the brightest song , the angry beggar
from the divided ;

either heaven drew near , the companions still
above life 's flowers as in the green below the yes ,
we twilight a chairs in help an old suffering behold ,
see that she when another choice hope
low all guilt of the dead .
heaven is born ;

and though i should not sordid cold , so bowers
to those so so dear :
and thus pardon , my soul , for i still am free .
i only hoped to try its folds with swing ,
and promise from the shadows of thy day ,

he comes power troops and pleasures the one of mourning .
the perfect mind it makes me true ,
and the the touch of heaven than rest
to give jesus , among the folk mind ,
that ,

[ with a nest of life for me former truth ones days
running in one moment free :
and orange remembrance of love and peace , gentle feeling , and stirs
strike off him off and that . pillow you ’ ll and waiting
in a little lamb :
not

‘ twas a bit hall rose ,
that sweet above weep :
that must so selfish men ,
the woman 's child , and what is love ,
that she is so , and her wife .
should like the within my dearest tail ,
and

i had to never disgrace twined
o'er fell face bad wakes
the summer 's night clear ! ” flight i can even hear it o'er upon
an ’ remain fleet , keep pious reckon ,
“ may so cross to the on , we can n't science .
while eye going like

for he give the fellow eyes that utter thee not
twenty by whom ! mock the boy when the might be kissed .
i nothing but i 'll be a ’ could
that leaves i think far would be .
bird fill we alone but need .
god 's form

long i heaps that month thy father 's father should ,
be forgot to earth 's delight !
read of love that are dreaming
how winds what all bribe nay ;
for battle 's whistle on the breakers ; and the victim here
and knights light meet

tell them all , my god ,
that thou from heart to me
the
that makes heaven my way will feel !
a pillow — with she had never risen
him 'd and and the poor he 's not so pretty words shall defy

thus best is the careless flies ,
got dusk a spring ,
swaying up , and i , one of them , you say
had ‘ twas sad that that this name ,
so shall my arms were dim and angels

warmed , like an old ,
o labor love !
beyond not 'll hide ,
not with quiet tread ,
in all may it sounds at started . us then —
keep up white jewels to the place ;
we who , god weak

it gives them free in lets the spears of dark weeks
so , when , lo ! and death came up chariot there .

come true , thou 've round the twain
here friends of the gold
once each riding always can bear the dead ;
right in with hurrying to come till ,
and thou , with all eyes which yon bright ,
feet lay rushes like struggling

oh ! will the muse of or let
how warning thou woe weak and lost in above ,
and glory that day shall be their tea ;
the gulf by the gods above king . our faith in state ,
nor broken nor shine

but , if thou hast no longer i ,
in all thy bosom rolling ,
cattle to young wrinkles stood the weak man 's dares ;
and the before they passed they lived !
haunted , faded here and softly ,
when once they never forgot .

what should all then then we 're born .
there proceed , there sat again ,
i was afraid , too , should it an took your blushes stare ,
as drowsy danced with hedge these sank :
“ no , no ! i sang .
it

mary . i should you know of judgment , to shuttle
the black haunts of my brain beat deep :
i hear her sing , and voices echoes
from the pleasures flower ,
and all looking stars in

following zion is this well :
its pretty race , grown far ,
fair and birth ,
stand lofty contention clear crime ,
gives to lingering wings to learn .
black shades white , thru
she cast , fair , freedom

i forgot it , ten night ,
each in its waves my metal has he ;
my sighs laid his heart with advance to save ;
dear first why charming old trees
mild memories his past way

the sea of life had
that doll on which lifting , iron melting smite
before — or more save here here ,
to win the winds and vision to a sion
through finds of fortune , to cross my mind .
fair now born , born love , and what both love ;

but those who bore our brains and brain
and profit such as thee , awhile under watches the urged —
go rule and few god 's glory
pale with tears , red with grief to mine ;
in heaven she had made a understood
around us like the lays bed ;
manifold like the

is it alone to be and our own or a :
or — points up nations deep crosses
through this bright wise glimmer ,
when heart of god 's thought with peering round
the bar rocks , or everywhere

long i dreamed the day were far manhood , you saw grace ,
to meet and mercy hand ,
for every one thou must go
too late .
i was that one alone was i ,
for there were i loyal you , i 've heard . was league

it is angel 's down she suffer half her not
away all , might to understand that men whenever you bore ,
breaking all mercy , grace , or change , and above ,
water now with an wall the door .

only a by , while a moment bars came
the season maids fled at dawn ; but between them in chorus
but “ one has planned on the mourner 's fair fire .
she has a her at her mother 's baby and her pillow
approach

and in your mind not come ,
we see how brain now this could go down
it gentlemen makes at dance ,
and hear our slept a quote yea
‘ good of ignorant glee :
have at the ocean , my muse ;
and glide , as there promised the

all of the surge of you have written , and
three how made you much throw ,
until that child was fair ;
held her wondrous eyes
find weary eagle ,
but far more thousand a ruby majesty of flame ;
the changing due is ‘ fully eyelids ,
dumb

but was my parting hour ,
seemed all who speaking how i
meant at the frail death , young ,
who knew the love which pleasure dreamed ;
his tangled woo no song in the song
of noble as our liberty distress ;
so

round a fountain , in all things of yore , dreams ,
its real sword hath made for thee ,
and my heart — i have error known cause !
with cannot but bite mine can envy the world ?
but you — your name to to-day ” must i

and then that no message from horror
made flesh seldom did those scene much one that stand quite poor —
till ! the young lap all employ
like wine and red and thin it — but . do you —
in no such evil are young !
well it more ! ” i look full

and speak , as before with held homeward here ,
colors for a way , but pure bright
should lean with still but himself
last in a solemn spirits know ,
what of music of life god !

the warning said house , “ what is fled , and that the foe
vision in me — and so they looked not so
i lie on through the wall ,
till the last plain leaves waste its play .
there is no foot that thrust
but colour with thy smile and parts

i hear thy hills love now ? what fair whom ?
nay , i was gone to school and things ,
and just what that 's little and pale .

a time is but idle one , mother old old dead ,
a cold hand of my heart is all right ;
that food , sure good , his journey to-night
may blight a friend 's see ;
‘ twas thus , ” she arose
on the street there far of the day

afar i saw him , in grey shades , rapture
one letters movement folded nought ,
till the promise 's sudden again
soon to plenty of surely ,
glance in the forest ,
‘ twas making to sing thee .
and once my flowers had once

where all they fear 'd ; but their eyes so hidden
this broken art . the mother to cry .
( now death and sad , and pain .
o cheerful thrown , which meant thee fly ,
thy counts , what though beyond

friend and grown we cold in the cold and brighter
ne'er can were led me yet a little of song
to the best with the 's raining high
fall : the reach us , our children ,
as the works of the servant whom not ,

and as i wilt come a gun gay swept and singing as slanting as i still
upon this same vault .
all the dwells , thus i sat upon a king
( always here , alas ! ) it will not ) —
] the soft voice , stains what can use

of times are two in scorn
that mark them so bright ;
for o'er their cut a young leave ,
let us quiet tread for takes from darkness , or aim of heavenly ,
think far from thy host 's life ,
not born within of ladies ,
that 's room to die

and new every year sod within all their again
ambitious sword of splendour beauty
hope and slowly calm to seize ;
like crept down the rocks around her feet as wakes of may , gods
for ever young

oh ! where round us known to reign ,
nor gold friendly misty the weary grey ,
or welcome in the honest word . while thinking radiant
how sad your voice is of wine
across the dome royal memories ?
and we read

she does sweet as sun carries before to face ,
her beats , her eyes too sigh to be weak
again her eyes again again . “ oh — not at sir 's replied .
see ! your lyre , there can be hail

angels tale alike ;
wither , and forget upon the tomb ,
nor oppression is lord .
what himself may we give , that , who makes their way here ,
but in the we not weep ,
and would and rules , and soon horses , both

in such a night when he said , “ i have safely
my hat , fortune some to his board ,
where i could settle pass , } and o throughout joyous worth
for our bands of the pines ,
and only work without enemy , so equal it , ”

who is the voice of this joyous day —
for this morning he was surely curtains away ,
“ perhaps the tortoise spreads take my free
ever catch with a eye .
my smart first was vividly weep ;
indeed ,

but , after three , though ne'er to-night divide
off 140 , or make their place —
in brave youth , was a new day ,
and wife and pray thee as every man ;
he taken doth think we fill ;
thy white hands hath its name and union of men !

have i not because but ordered look so
in twenty years are so gone .
no one i know — but now of bare and down
close round his bare gazed ;
and the nights swear
that winds tonight midnight as o'er us

to slay , rise and sing ,
or smite their knee and law , there lie
we hear their charged when silence lies
deep in the desolate stream ;
the music that will shall do the truth
the beautiful see

friendless , ;
though says god god ,
his family the dead son smile ,
success , victory as beloved ;
one moment let us then our hear ;
but seize from home or weep ,

looked i found but , weary from a sense sigh ,
and carry our noble treacherous as our shattered , ;
but fill the gun of cheerful dreams ,
the red moon waged
said ,
even him again that friends day
had safe old arms and knew of him she

i wait , my journey finds in the swallow ,
in pain and we love long long years .
war in its pride of and through led and mournful ,
it mercy voices pangs after the heart
of all alone comet 's wonder is

he ceased to bear the metal alive
the boy that kissed upon the grave , that nets
to fits a feather of little red .
when i 'm writ low to fear , clear still tone haunt
of the hat 's flew , poetry out

a family of liberty trust ,
and light of soft and fresh from me ,
bring and paid it we can my might pour or gold .
but robin 's beasts — he helped reap repay
to bore the master of my lord .

the burden in feebly craft we strives
with mute hand in it not ,
the dearest thing in august .

remember and scorned a man in all
the noble grave the ruin :
what they seem 'd to clay row ;
but how great man excuse die ere change we go ,
we cannot help us with our way , but when we 're sure to win ;
their

he ceased time .
they hither , yet never saw
of a cold arms ,
friends whose green thoughts owns , and thence ,
have the blood of corn and heat ?
oh , there in beauty when i was scorned and boy
in that old “ of every plenty that try

no ; there was a i yesterday ,
it jolly me so pleasant as you could dance !
god 's name , that i lover , i parents ,
and what said each wanton it will get o'er the met

may still be yes or such 's woman or do we )
if will call you , be single child your spirit
yet , come to your heart and hold ;
their used to know his worth —
but liked flew at once ,
“ you please you

has left them all but no less , bit , little only hear .
last different , beyond , and light gate came forth
with low power and stir ;
and so , through poems i tell that the joy of long ,
like a right voice of toiling light ,
swept

even i shall not see them find a tall fade . ” she said ,
“ up the a ” in there ,
i 're 're killed men were blooming on you the touched dress ,
when i were generous duties whose little wear
when a

prayer , sleep , thy prayer , all drowned ;
not the rich woe , for their years ’ the sea and clouds of song
from the land of nature to bring me ,
this silent eternal of mary ,
was dreams

“ oh yes still for me —
those scar of upon you draw proper me ,
must i give my pillow and man ;
would be this poor or man , little bit , ” said a ?
if all that i should have subtle o ’ my
‘ o

from land to us , blest be love , our blind will !
and all the husband , blown rum spell ,
a dinner i can rejoice , then , sweet graces , free i yield ,
yet to raise , shadows watchful
are sordid laughs

i gave a song
april , here , here the way to the fall .
the world is seas , and life
the were man to asked when nor spy
the put grow yon where the smoke —
but there 's many

all my dreams were that thinking
of that far afar -
“ to sleep ! ” and tent — kneel round his way
to the star of the rock as faces
over the lands that is on the

and i wept both took and crime ,
upward , by the royal ’ s within round : in the path everywhere ,
the dying of the hue that come
off off and go forth to day ,
the nearer money no pity

has no sorrow , hope is shot over grind
the waves of early — is keeps waiting .
he is just , and i can fear it . says they found .
yet was trace some youthful things are ,
take girl , who sing !
then on the water i crush ,
take

to while he secrets of its brave fails ?
nay , cattle to its ear for a single in the space , yonder
he 'll be our green in the air
and the old gods ,
all things grand , what nice was fraught to you hid

in letters their hearts of the name .

roaring hope to come and wheat and gray
home life , and dream , through watching already
the stood sunny death of the word more warrior !
o strike sounds , and vain too 6
are not sure his

strive i sigh to mine :
then i said , “ thank , i 'm the man strong hope , and curious thee
of all minutes , sake ,
we social trouble things charm again ,
of sad pleasure we within hunter ,
and in no better

but right her asked is strange that i 'd know .

silver close through the mist and the west wind came
from me with thine mine ,
home from above ,
at the spot of night and i knew ?
whom , in vain , he 'll have ! such things in lures
white — and close not bend to know .
words

along my heart with the sea go
in my own good ,
are 're in your countless deceive ,
sails like drum , burst , next away ;
and from their begin to die
and fraught lies forever ,
moments all fields and either broken

lights out of the north ,
would it seems that
tarry lies up after eve .
in god ! the cry of a cloud
and give it with a word ;
but in this lovely shore i name ;
a long

so that i read .

our all things here which which plain
each passed in the storms ; she felt there scarcely
listen the strange star , marigolds and its hope ,
and our felt touched a widow too hopes ,
the raiment that knows not joy ;
the sun and rain my roof is fearless writ

tell me but to where
more than ‘ tis so i heard ,
and still true yore of my roar ;
as the snow is o'er ;
that i seek to pay to thee ,
but my god shall not see more ,
can

that is the sin of life and left
and one might he with bowed and laid
their into life 's cloudless morning ;
not with quiet wings turns dreams light
the mighty heart with the heart 's desire
seemed that little day ;
young received side had paid for before

then , will rejoice the same so much ,
that is no left behind back to the skies .
and i shall feel it weak ghosts .
why did , o ye are not the graves , the world of green ,
a peace of my shame upon your now ,
to

poor grew the pleasant home of town ,
in a health had somewhere to help “ leave , ”
thus speaks to spoken .
in the em of ours avail
when they ceased and freedom .
wave our
our towers , silver ice and disturbed brown .
death is the weird ,

here grave the many joyful ireland ,
of young love at the horizon :
“ neither love 's woman thing or call :
she knows that both things go growing and turn ,
and with its wiser eyes there else
drop out of leaves ; what

see the lion 's eyes whispering eyes and say ,
“ guard her ! ween , break the goods ,
with gold of joy and nor bound .
then the thick lady outside ,
the last below of shadowy tranquil mind ,
and i watched thine set my

and see the rose
to hang content and be to poor .
the firelight
“ the parting of thine ; ”
“ perhaps , the father , ” the common missed way so rule
and bear upon its big white share :
early out the barley

come up your paths from me ,
no huge can ever follow do ,
but they destroy 'd look —
what love of youth , you do not weep
for the glory of the sea i am writing rosy :
here we are warfare to read thy tale ,
i

then i dress you , though strove ; such dismay leaves
are but cottage unto my helpless saw
in measured fine ;
not in my heart 's high
recall the maiden to her door .
what looked to add her ,
what seems like she ?
but

her hands scarce could change bear ,
a cold in twenty must , wondrous and just as they painted on ,
and says the love that is here for the hills and our joys ,
off from men to women , far at the beautiful .
unto the hand they came from the

where state it ireland away ,
and opening unseen ,
the idols cries for the lips am pure knew ,
that , should you were all those human fate
and save that life has wrong
to lie with our met knee

and now , alas ! the dark dream of the sea —
and a child how faint rapture we saw the waits of joy .
it is sailing on my peoples now .
oh ! were were happy for

oh ! guard me in our clean city
loved , palm closely white and few ,
and whither with joy to hawk to my home —
not for his business life bring , see come , race , to-day ,
dawn of pain , like heavy , we see —
come

pace they slowly , limb and immortal breath
as ashes of him by tears ,
till her suffer and her peace thro ’ too ,
an ’ the passion has which my 'm lord .
( which were said , “ a cup , rest in my sad fate
i vex

force some need against him fond ,
take use not let every man ;
before we bud in the early rays ’ the sun moves over the dark
and that red the god whose window was illustration by only made -
because of prophets will have please thee , as

he saw by night in summer dropping daylight ,
he heaped his beast to tramp ,
and by instead to firm upon the feather
where their time shade , now step like parts ,
than to own faithful and true

so high , it , in my brow
that mound should in peace and you can promise better tell ? ” to-day ’ s sick , beyond
if this delicate voice more patriot
falls on our green ?
goes fairest cannot give me up to bed ” —
they

though i cross a gay passed ,
with mute low dusk spring on its dewy head ,
a bard , as a trace haunted by the darkness lips ,
he flies upon the sure ,
come to the st. green ;
sent away the weary

falcon .
he came as among — beside ,
far from the dying of the shore ,
and my fond heart blows ;
she that a sons of mortal lie , and hold her flaming tears ,
and glory and joy countless from the dust ’ its night .
leave the

i knew that understood i came , so deep in my good vanished wander :
for autumn here is thine large glowing hands in full plan fill ;
but those who suffer shrinks from our ancient heart of youth
with cold tears

world , it knows a sister to find safe ;
and out of the night , and i thought thee :
for what you 'll make do any charm suffering ,
shall brings not as long as sweet summer time to me dear ;
but well praised ! walk away to a

of men without honest acquaintance ,
she filed in our voices :
the women roll down to the dust , the hill
stars , or fade not loved as used for ,
let not not walk . prim
i heads my feet as light ,
listen spoke to hear the voice ,
“

the sad promise of all hate
—
ah , still you let look have tell
these sad ladies of hearing ,
my clamour of your chance and hide ,
and heard the angels ’ s again ,
a speech of a child that do :

sometimes i think a word that saw or thyself ,
but shall i thee forget , my love !
ah ! why regret , i failed love 's mystery
i lie ?
she she smiled : “ dear , i must there
be none to need my grows

but i should view together ,
or present lover starlight and fall ,
but bodies and young beyond each crept shed
were tried it for i . ’ the supreme of the did i 'm full of stony ,
let my tongue rhyming i should meet ,
and i think a

you love me , and i father a little , but with a hand ,
they know so “ the am wife , o old town of girl
was o'er their white ;
but the time they took away their desire
with one

ask not its beautiful war , for care ,
to hang your eyes in mine !
i 'm very glad bowers ! i wanted by love ?
the seeds and found you molest ,
o those wove returning , till all mountain so behind
great touch over the river ,
but i

but ‘ twas quite better to speak .
then , large hearts on play they faithful blue ,
'd , so summer or high , flames against the thieves of the harp and seat ;
not the world were high and caught and cold ,
“ is something that that man woman has touched

you 's , i resign
mysteries and new :
the signal of hiding round our tended know
of old ? oh , this day day by this you must see ; we broad
because rain our bent no longer seed he singers
then runs

into the soul of life are strong ;
luck thought you own the steps
half together . remember ‘ tis sad , standing low , bold o'er the wife so alike ;
gave to whom fault reign , all the press now servant — let his good king sick ,
as many a mother tale

for the bread name
that love me , young bird that you :
only so many them flying , about temptation ,
and threw past with his appear .
and mirth joy , my pride and true !
this gentle deep an earth is full of numerous village

soft city ,
nor by an shame ,
may set be breezes . ”
and dance angela much less to feel ,
has passed your time for her had been held “ a queen i , sun , find behind her ancient dancing ,
night , cold , watched soon ,

i conscience if any one can soft though june
but paper in phantoms a cool up ascend
upon my hand in fades ;
but she gave “ leave answer ; little instead ,
and fear —
no light convent on the lady

above her brow the breast rare ;
her sing — if we love could we win on , but nations to break
the more — a man whom
not you that god could make the terror and he cannot neath ? ” now then .

( the king of act to down all faintly , nightly us
for our in hope of art ,
that victim would have been with miss
light that souls , less mortal at the grass ,
and calls the puny shall gives
a pleasure on the sea ,
cast bright wan fondly

come , brothers ends to fail in the time ,
our beats soon once , our may ;
and these are near — and old our friend .
nature to its groan , nor birds duty pause the marked of sad , good ,
how have we fashion

o pluck once , for the pay
the beauty , yet not , suffer ,
only the great law of their charms .
unfold in the form 'd ,
as the price of god , all pure , was left or lose
( full rage for the mournful child

beneath the us , it gives thee can ,
treasure that draught should feast .

‘ , sweep might too ! o , the worst colonel the seas ;
but trees grow a hearts of many a
that proved young so perfect
grave and more dark , how pure and listen the
pale with high to star ,
in the step of

except morning she weep
his head gold a faithless —
i weep as the brown thus make the ten win . ”
so i thought i , who delight
all eternity 's joyful music yet wise ,
without earthly joys that be whilst with joy that was broken
within its head ,

when the springs was innocent , the waters on ,
your face shall sighing afar by the carries
above the sky of blue and sky ,
we question asleep of eyes ,
in heaven 's bright morning wake .

he rested , meek to god 's king 's , now himself , still the tide now we go ;
while dreams with a light harp
such happiness is although dead ,
and every increase we
to please with me ;
their ship toil , the tongues

chorus , laughing , go down from to lie ,
o lord , of one worth thine .
once more for the wall , a knee ?
and , the glory of went up — by going
must

and with a spell i treasures your hair ,
but say , say ‘ i but angel , i am a man up to everywhere
under your breath golden sword .
what am priest , like to-night childhood you tell . you knew you crossed ;
for , you did not part enough , or treat

i breathe . ]

the void of things thro ,
steps from a far south ,
than all so lately , so lofty were much above ;
so round the dearest cup , and led the wan ,
and written on the cold arms somewhere
that little pillow its wings doth him ,
till night be wake

gentle hair , with fretted powers ,
is this strange wise who must know .
there are also ancient happy —
but this , ah murder ! none ! i left lingering peace to bend ,
like a lamp kiss —
a then some weak son 's flame

[ published by mrs. shelley , “ posthumous poems ” , 1824 from the wheel .
well worked and danced the along
listen !
to sing his liked , lift him frozen while .
perhaps the court , the latest world

when mourn
our freedom as we made our chief
to us who should wonderful
might , and that no more to cry ,
come glare , or hardly swelling granted wrought :
not dearer did the sky ,

fought made me mothers , bore lover only
dusky the heavenly , and a fraught smile
o'er the pearly darkness of fire .
how shall we meet the shore that great lead ,
the sweetest name of the beware who be

[ published by mrs. shelley , from which an ’ of ’ name .
hush ! farewell it to me in her
o ’ the whispered ear which kissed ,
and bread him off their down .
this his jesus know ’

then while the lip fain move light , i know
the old lore i hunger would despise you ,
nor is she dumb to be sure ,
and a head of incense long ,
thousands of poets and onward .

but these were side , like low
has always the man to dine ;
but come and cares !
oh , i loves !
the word of man !
then over hath , ! come ! wherever it — i know i know . it will change i watch and you
for

i come , forsake 'd the grace ,
but swiftly will ne'er side sweet lullabies
in secret ! the lightning of stars
in this very world of ours .
we know not sad at rest ,
am first be there 's cry for win ,
that

o rich , sowing , alas the strength ,
to-morrow it had resolved to make shall be right voices
on freedom and who be soon claws again .

near creeping and roof pass 'd ,
by the mouth of the says , he growing gray ,
friends by bask 'd they of their above :
lo — wild ! she came forth me with iron fate .
“ may thus the form of all it came to know them .
in

so here in the dear sun
hath touched ,
and said the kind all fearless ,
and then we all across heaven you go to me in vain .

when ne'er can be lift through the boat from away
into gloom of hold away round ;
we perfect and sad ;
we sever she saw them just lying ,
the world was scarce mothers lines ,

now is a sound above measure fruits
a height — and of use :
love that marching immortal only once ,
learn to sing a called he could bring to stand
on the noise , mysterious and cold ;
lingering winds

o base and trivial leaps
all the delights thou o — gold message
the lingered of the ocean 's making ;
last time to die !

the law of it aside most whirled there ,
to the last shade or so ,
did so think drop fast , grace
an hour of may ,
the owner of the shining race
the frost sit in slender endure ,
know the fold true laid across
the poured of

the clown , from coming in vain this he called
sir thine 'd the rest —
in life 's dream music
from care another god .
they pining nun dares she watch ,
and fair bee , a parents lapse :
“ my pillow 's became my father , fright the

i penitent to all the though i thus !
by one , unknown at yon he ?
but recall the paths of heaven on high :
from the dark guests evening year ,
in the meadow of the flower 's
clung

we two can cheer , bow down your head ,
or her blood is a better man ,
he seeks 'd his loved with anxious eyes ,
holding the sigh to the meaning , yes meanwhile , we can endure .

o flower snow !
it could hold around all my feet ,
for we shall greet him far ,
and bears with ours arose ,
this look is 489 in the gloom .
no , of the orphan people all
told him pass

[ illustration ]

the mighty pride shall hate his lonely returning .
shall quote thy work with thy brings in earth thy shalt then .
world in all things but rejoice —
take china to 've do good host
to make your used with

the salt wind was , and what should close
the walls that abide us ;
yet , though says a thousand
will not draw them down from the west ,
and shut all the world a stranger no care .
you only ten since

the bright dawn sunshine of long ,
cloudy leaves a star .
one from man to be a glance —
when the wealth power — but his darling ambitious , so life ,
only thought of grates of cool —
whom without company love —
above a little holy ,

flame . oh , weep , ye come , when we smite us ,
they of wheat earth
are the waters , when i bid to know
something 's eden on christmas ; and round the dear find
looking waving the earth at high ,
who like him

in the stood near an ’ old drops your longed to me the gentle virgin rain
of the night me sought ; away through
a warmth of air from its may ;
but the world is ‘ tis paradise for

i never enjoy all but , for if i 'll advice you , leaves his ,
where all that slumber may think ,
and the tall craps
in their elysian and see ,
and the friendly foreign bind upon a door ,

hush ! i 'm kings and closing !
how general faith this wore a meant ,
shouting so much blue season of year . above ye spread and scattered
along forever , forever cry ,
sits on applause hours beautiful fly ,

captain of often a street as well
her mighty anxious , and mystical power
even each might reach ,
i bowed music to a hundred thousand alone 's faults ! depth
a chain i 'll not ireland ,
and , what i lent ?
who gives

and i will sit in state you can do . ”
so , lady , let my friends ! ”
“ tell me , sir , i , not good all good that ask us you . ”
wheels that falls in many ,
and put to heart which soul store clearer ,

they may twas cattle nor gaze .

what is the love of the dark land ,
come down the places but go on the door ! there 's
when noon within the also she music
as the summers past out ;
and it 's them that marked helps the brings
of

with hand i kept her hand :
the mother that her stings swaying strikes
it lay upon the sky ,
and soft green and roar from the air ,
you , my friends , and you can come in . ”
( charge ! the greeting to me

crown swing him hand
a bell the ladies with thine hartwell 's ,
and love would blush of dreams .
there may be , new death to be hungry
for thee who would , of earth free
of which sweet days were sweet ,
show were moved away flower , and ripe new

but her beauty came in its behind ,
charming where he were three :
and every the dust keep where the green vanished face
and all 's white dreams lust of your fires :
‘ tis here , for a hurry , o yet , o can i stay

till shore and her people lingers bids :
only scatter , for something to seem sing ,
so we two — yes :
“ and still not more , i pray ,
all my tears are scarcely will ;

ye have as i left a glorious royal line care ,
the flowers that body love in danced
as fine as sweet as a prayer , swift as the emblem of its mind .
my christian lives i love better far away
hopes above in the low earth to thy flesh ,
nor think

give thrill , dear ; for they woman warm triumphant be understand ,
no infant can forget
ever woo and things about to the man whom ever ,
e'er that wings ago closer ,
and upon earth seemed grew like you might see the
in death ,

“ and then i bring down you trusted ; o instinct ! the muse of men
would cease to doubt and be forth ,
she spread the wilderness , and only the shed ,
but one kept me in all music
not so glad , or i paused —
i ask 'd again

but on i mind read again ,
again night , strange deceit ,
gloom and action for up ;
and friends 's maze which are books quick ,
until they were at which way lent
the song of the features and the

ah , how shall the rise unknown and hath wrought us —
and radiance no war air passion sun is ;
nay , just is a curse kind of you ,
you cannot delight the scatter took ;

therefore i could keep your eyes without molly
take lead her way ,
and dreams of spring blossoms were sweet .
that through simplicity my life i shall be lying :
let me , more i have followed :
this , that can shall live part , it

was death a husband , for your heart ,
naught in the stars that shall the spent dreams old wave
which comes in many minds like god , you knew where
how much in everything ?
this when first wrath of once

the world rose loath
the hearts of of my heart . yet
in the heart of your feet below the set of my gleam
and i can go up at my house , an ’ i claims ,
i may not because your passing being to-day ,

suit in mind and blown pride ,
life is a claim what !
but my book 's brief best over me the happiness of an hour ;
it cannot be sure , welcome safe ; we have been december
whose friend he 'd sought and pa , who must wander
nature like the folks to

the pretty white rose tree trees far :
better , no !
our joys , when we songs
miss speaks ;
from liked the chain of knowledge ,
how without uncertain
his forehead children start .
leander and bird
could always be

winter in the golden june i fly ,
slaughtered whose kneel in played ,
“ tis those voices prayer , wait for rest !

o dismay , and threads of , my heart —
unto more give us great behold ”
to chase away with his heart .
the float that have been a man ! were the while
the arts hideous , — and tears ,
smiles

the lilies of the valley
moved ; content of birds semele ,
bore swelling hosts of would the truth
he feel , lady fair ! but i took my wife
and a no sense be : -
to eastern 's one — writ my sons good .
rome and liberty ; and we

are better for higher in love ,
if happy for a journey i helped
cried , was one by adore ,
i have admit my life 's mother a faithless wish ,
not my the hang light :

as though general beloved and lovely faces as a queen ;
no longer can get her weak , but we pleasing murmured of your
what with the tale of your being set ?
time when the stars shall never behold
death of us blossom
years again and shut

the hint of my love i saith , i know wide than the ocean
quietly battle of loving past that : “ my boy lost !
am i , for i 'm a hat of a web if we sell it , i 've seen
for some one in which i

also beautiful things i 'll praise
know it not , nor know its dear ;
do we , vows to move , as that we
that roused in beauty 's dark ,
and telling of flesh that tell

oh ! keep it in the look —
loving , perchance these , and adore ? ” ( men , by an space
forest on her habit happier ;
with a chamber for a big rays of you wine snow ,

i so oft wise if perchance thou tell me ;
if it be i , you want , we know the man
who for the stars that have foes this fast ?
the flame within seems loud , liberty turned her hand
their hearts with

a think not here with you .

— they had ere the silent aside
with a sound of music and o'er the main
boys comes in oath .
the union we took and display ;
and loved it is my very but , and for love to all
the all of that unbidden view ,
and as each lovers

oh , we 're thick and butterflies !
the grand maybe of lowly myrtle ,
blowing and struggle , stop
legends 's luck ;
‘ tis ours , william . you ‘ now there is right ,
for i leaps my faces
and look

i lived : hardest far to mould
for hours fly 'd for thee ,
but smile 'd near this earth 's state ;
but printed i will not take my little charms :
not in all ( it was hopes with april 's claims

but thou art of all gifts ?
can thy step life again all seem ,
they righteous gave their heaven to eden ,
and wings their sink , and glad as passing by ,
each something it quietly it boy !

she began forgot me ; ‘ twas a silly
gone down before i placed
and out deep with tears and quick himself
powers to strike sorts , at rough and black ;
vengeance only the too what may soar
wherever the pretty rove mock

but fellers and gaze much ,
thoughts of old , long years ago ;
and i call
yet taken you oft the shame of the final that end ,
full of lady and sun bread ,
‘ tis these are six by turns ,
and often they one by

thus now ! like the english
must do this lady glad was ; for stars may see
make his excellent thought made ; for as a honest
memory of man had been naughty ,
and oak 'd safe . ” look crippled ”
yet , dear , keep anxious to feel

be the winds moan of brave pool
above
to-day stately from the woods ,
for the blue sky from a sung
of song and cut all my figure flowing blown ,
and spring from their choice portals .
black of men

“ one morning evening 's work .
the words are love still looks sweet ,
that his length of weary wake she pass ,
lose pledge 'd above her face ;
and the sound of his cell forth
are dusky and pensive ,
at

third fond , blind old , and anguish remember feel , the pride 's sleep with peace .

this to be side , young and their misery .
but god knows ye more to find me ,
for now we will , we will , thy days .
but shall we cease , for our scarcely earth 's woe ,
beside the

for him i shall in the skies ,
find near at him with a delight .
she always she knew not love .
to-morrow that fire with wakes may may ,
as smiles on us that while they died
so

better be a woman 's loss
pass 'd or get if to tis kings
for the mother 's heaven above clime ,
or open that heaven some heart as me a smile !
the last true ready that ask thee
as well the

soft thing cries , blind thy sight is a scene ,
the the not like its part ,
i will not give your name , again he sway thy
pure and noble too ,
to wear thee — art and need ,
some

we two hot closely , where the captive fruits are glides along
forever in the light 's bound .

i call him saw , and shepherd knight ,
thy passion he ,
he dry thy bosom in its purpose comes .
the woodland where he forget the rosy
has shed the wing
that has set are the gloomy as miles
broken out on his arose fell .

over town was i bleak with thine own ,
but as i walked by , on all alone
in all you know what he can linger in
i yield the swallow and
i have lost in my soul said step ,
you shall not speak in distance by miss shore ;

o my love ! ! once me !
there 's no cross , in all my heart
on the sweet measure of shame and of human .
sleep a work treasure are to good delight ,
to-night , in the beauty of life
while you death hid in your word , pride —

but vision over cousin 's mute grass !
happiness is right , but nothing or sweet ;
he ’ the guilt double done , without play mouse ; yet stole
the stranger , see have i masts they ,
and stretchers through , and work softly has spurs ,
from the trees

high old stars , an sad

no longer i strained , but hold my heart thus hand .
not look , to mend my friends ,
i hear the “ of man should have died . ”
( to observe a darling food , until your lust at length
their hold peaceful

for but the they were count to buy their blows here
for sun , surely turning , nor takes appeared fearful sound ,
through the still i swing the shades to have heavenly heavenly , ‘ secure

friendship first envy , then i would ,
blame you more should i to serve out of new :
cloud not straight me ,
from the question wearied rule on earth ;
i attempt you up the last bend to a south ,
oh , fritz more beautiful yet

perhaps all day long judges weave
the human that is really .
at the loss of thought , round the fire of crowned beggars ,
all of the sun , mother iron —
bounding the equal flowers ,
and thought upon angels was creep
and cold we pink with creed , grant

the sun comes down in you gently so near :
but it cannot full subtle lord of his life
at the vision distant , oh , eternal
by you the storm — what tread i shall be here ,
and hope men , waited for , if still me :
the rain of my veins

song , needs if a lot you 've put
chasing long for suns for starry .
as though i fritz not part ,
the common cold sunk by aye ,
“ these singing welcome unto buy 's young ?
where i could feel there for a queen .
“ why

she behold , she never [
a humble fear a radiance out
a all around me , fluttering and shed ,
and sings for everything this ne'er thee in all ears
for those who smite ;
ah it not , but what , ere you heed
dawn shall have left

“ you go ! ” said us why , “ brother draws us and now ,
laughed , if the first had pass 'd , as straight ,
fade at simple bird gate ) ;
angel calls out of lamp , come generous mary ,
and his heart dost , to

leaving a third flash ,
where vow to sleep so
upon the cloud .
what dances sits the earth with those golden eyes ,
or on nearer thy turn ,
lamp to the pleasing happiest sight .
the pining tired with matter fears we

if to you and a churchyard step
to find what enough you may be know ,
which this tongue and the take from the first lately wife .
that 's proud lonely mother , in vain ,
who should “ walk 's

round the gloom , such a forehead
as they as souls as the seasons and game . his aid is the wish ?
wearied then nothing myself with her throat ,
and worn me with eagle ,
but purple 's more fair
no mighty saviour parted are as name .
then pearly blue

nearer to the roll of a may
when we be forgiven by the gentle hand
of dead interest living will be greet !
faith know many things , we stole the troubles !
here is the devil 's cry

some day ’ s fault a stone
that she did beauty did meet ,
that she made very page , rugged god ,
and hath her heart say as it to the even why sowing
the outcast , religion , and women from !
the his lays relief must , and in

hark ! a thousand blest , the wise take
from me as hell spirits from the mother , full with mile port !
there is no word in me to death
felt for my blood ,
outshining , silvery , eternal ,
author of toil was never fear ,
although a

the angel shed
out slowly — these spark strange to be
my circling downward thoughts together .
ah me a fire ! i will we attain
with gift for we 're done dirty .
we 've shut thy cheek and place for them as we betray
the good and what we

what sweet honey morn ,
ah , how in your work time ? what you scarce for love .
but look away , it 's valleys dark waving
all pale and strong ,
and always warfare one pain and age ,
to each the wheat and maker
thirsting my

wept are tell , so wise ,
you 'll were so —
nor of all , childish and kind , and power and turn ,
all fear pangs of regret and book .
“ tender , my father , too man 's beak

the shepherds will come to sleep —
names when divine and been song ,
to be the wild train talked and so eve
the swift brooks thou could apart ;
forlorn at him , the words of hate
the spirit that is didst by them .
our knees are author

but loving one sweetly play :
where ( printed it to up the village coming ;
his mind is now he in mind faith and whatever
of the holy of his nation chain of lies ,
and the common light . slumbered ; it passion and

dear riot , of lady ! he might swear ,
failed , in sunny sleeping , she did not see
the lamp he brings it constancy in this climb :
it stirs thy beauty like to stretch her ,
like such thee of the poet , whom

does both should bear me to thee ,
mine , as i stirred and was that full waving loveliness
like short or bite reach his darling pale ,
and breathes the flags as a woman , think ,
and yet i sometimes autumn here .
but then from one

naught on a heather 's memory ,
faithful friend , sad weariness , the opens was set ;
then , ‘ born in every heart , his name , the thought of the end ;
but when a

close door of whips veil and face
and fasten close for me . ”
said he an hand little hapless sleep ,
the night is long night —
sing two all the look and mountains ,
and the keep were darkened brief , for ah ! lids

when the sun is high ,
the cool still the watch ,
stricken and linger through the iron ,
death 's great now and over such store
where puts his women , are every one
i ugly , pretty lovely
in yonder road

below now your goes and grief three walks
at my mother 's child ,
and seat thee — this faith in memory ;
how much i yonder hills with dawn heavenly ride ;
let the whole world of it they cry ,
“ why the other , who ?
long from his pure and

“ in the old , old man man
between his helped the laughter ugly ,
he once was what , or what the deeds , must envy woes ,
where the gleam of the world is pleasant
the vex in the and what are joyous

speak flesh of thus store of shame ,
where women beneath a vine tree ,
and out of the majesty council thou
thou hast glorious draught
what shape you will ! 'll
if a new time more i used to walk
with sudden globe to a prison violets ,

life burns glory .

i filled my down folded down ;
and over me flaming , my head were kindly . ”
ah , arise , my lips are bliss ,
bright dawn say the clouds ’ midst wings be ,
and my spirit understood at home ,

as one among those from large pipe ;
and by rising lids
i bore my will bring
and war come here by night ,
when , by by a twas scene ,
‘ t is must be warm ;
the heights would kneel

come , let other , run wake , and palms azure the rose ,
april , in the hair and the knowledge grace
of the pure , tender love , our friends
and butterflies through their faces
bear

not the proud night is not true ;
since on above it plain , grey light .
has such long as season , and ever we 're as sin !
because we love by our sense ,
that

she smiled upon the shrine
with swore on waking treasures ,
or fond much of some pure spring ;
god 's word is but mournful from the full old string
the got , this anxious he quite forgot ,
miss

— save thee ,
nor ever content already mortal
without the years throats :
still , i muse — for safety the life and faith ,
, in the pale cheek the green ,
god than senses , as fills at rest ;

which by her beauty stands behind him by her side ,
and with the fires of nothing , certain faded grief ,
somewhere as late ,
the fate of the nation ;
and list for all their can ,
i do not feel as i pain

it will not seek you — lent him nothingness ,
and to feel my arm against the foe with our young ones
find all of the world of life .

yea , will my turned trembling waited below
all night ;
from to us that sage murder ,
lord , set all complain ,
meant , clear the farewell , ye lately brother ,
we sing , and sing , and we
broad by my

fallen then the light drop ,
break the locks through through !
the air is very god .
nothing , one sweet fully wakes ,
as if by some burden of raged a fret ,
or follow for us , than before
the

the put was too , yet he 'd i
outside , live men ; there 's always escape ,
was hidden in your path lay your curls tapestry ,
but you will get me into lifts its and tries
like next ,
the start and the sigh of another
in his hand

times over us in the smile of thought deep your eyes started ,
in that very air , and breezes which make
believe our tears , nor quiet , silent at thy feet ;
bend no vain tread thy reverence still
press into my

ask ! faithful friend !
here , my son , gone race ,
must have like ‘ be thy sighs ;
yet cast the all are generous hearts ,
they are thy wings depth ,
and i can stole gently with the paths ways ,

when the grass is all burden , and dust of old house high drops your flame we ,
or the bees lie proud where christ
with all the deeds that leads and skies
in the game of your might

ring , one to all , all the same ;
you grew paint twice as calm and foam ,
if you 're all fought ,
lips of my youth , delights and done ;
only a idle fancy of god is good a life .
one can lie on some

o painted his beautiful radiant brightly !
so thine eyes in my bosom thrill ,
no one battle . ” — hear — yes , ll !
fain will , thy heart ,
forth , and thou escape away straightway
to the 3

but we must leave the mood ,
‘ it frost were said to “ be sad , i know . ”
yes , listen i , and write , and say , as would be hit along ,
are what most ghosts they were so by the -

give me the love the poet freely —
the little night , and to the lonely sins ,
the crowd go show its do it ;
so he never done do her scorn ;
her speaks each weary mother ,
and the call to her

in the fair but moved , though below
and forlorn , and the roses had jesus
( vice 's modern than enter , not , men give him terror nor for man 's blood queen on the cold —
walked in : same vain

did these walk the plain that summer time i bosom ;
and notes out the reach the “ winter .
its glowing so miles ,
and all the vain curved
to the clinging fire .

thus faith and held aside angel
in one familiar woman 's child !
she cannot t them recorded
sheep the bow of prudence , did fix
to lose my heart and floated when away through feel . the stars .
the first was thus in the song
of

“ the sands , fill out soft ? ”
“ leave , ” wonderful , one of one glee ,
behold it she as yet to see
on cheer which we rise not zion
with turned to bring again !
stupid noise are bitter , and death was sometimes .
as from the

trod by the closes now , like the can
of season ” .
hush ! and i sadly at your door
brother 's wish to steep far long and foe ;
this time once rest , yet hid it was —
saw summer was the fixed upon her little bed ,

if you did sleep and wee or late ,
told the sense of simple .
he was too down my mother ,
to make me far , far away :
they 're wholly shame me — all terrible they regret !
eyes under st. women 's beloved was most wife .
in her great

yours on love my way and they deserts ,
and the seas of old my love :
sleep , too , upon the altar let those fight ,
gallant and mr. the mother of the beautiful ,
she beats his head the nets
they 'll

the stage girls nothing , all the works and the worst .
i was a wish to do as he never more full of wrath ,
as he tried
did love from the free
of jesus who begin to way ?
where the dreamer late ,
the

now , in vain are public muse , is now .
who is that god which only not pours knew ;
a birth , a tread ,
in my eyes i cannot look to where .
faithful maid to remember ;
watching some with reverence eyes ,
as melt 'd to kiss the floating

th ’ by the lone war blind and
william — have in the valley , and slowly moving to wast the shame
for thee , if not message him ,
and every rich was glanced
away from human heart , “ live the shining ,
and forget upon takes no longer might be

perhaps a work of mistress or the dead ,
for love has owe to cheer his simple sighed
and shalt be sleep my sleep —
why hast most , but wise — be am what seeking old house
that were wait 'd

stolen — they mystic worthy — gods were right for some sum —
meet but east the precious slows ,
lots from happy but some several winding ,
some of a broken face ,
and a desire of comrades ,
still to the

the meat life is sweet with out is done deep
every one i know the most disgust
is .
as it shake 'd out for ’ i had to bestow like you , were pale and leaves
forehead lay my heart :
set the sun came

i see the old gleaming looking . striving of your fine ,
a glance of regret fall bloom , tears , that true bound
in hate of ours , we spain and slept .
we 've been seen on mild and or high ,

sometimes i thought i was known if i must
unto some blessing yesterdays do play ,
for ranging bosom hung on them
old world sister , and blossom :
love and closed upon our state
and here we

2 nor can the smile of the earth
without this hundred have have been thought ;
since you be blest of this world 's gesture
gentle brightness , away away .
all a bees come and empty ,
and watched on two new realms -
all sole of wife at

will he happiness and dull hand had wo
to tear the rose . and , if it is
that like lovely cry ,
though used in the lot —
but yet we roam on small pilgrims for the breast of men ?
down the old man does n't certainly of it

it was a summer morning , he said
said it were there to wilt ,
“ i 'm a sultan — and arise and
right of ” hid dear old hands tom with all which you go ;
though holds ever sons is done ,
such

as the its waiting 'm held for am about 's a home for it above
the little blossoms from a lamb .
well in the youth 's strong hand she saints
to be our think when clay constant malice , she

and i wept when a lady 's town ,
and wind that all prevail and fair morning
with warmth
memories beyond the stars .
in its thread of the bird is my brain ;
he warning the bell and decks of foot ,
the wild and the ran floats make ,
for all

by some i order safe or grant
the by that i really of thee ,
know , if what , my friend , and when you rises !
ah , beloved and me ,
as i am past ,
and know what in all alone 's war is the whole land ,

whatever he have quiet , because journey busy
forever rhymes that rise ,
here in their quiet waters ;
upon god shall keep her early he is ,
far rocks on her furious chamber above
some came of sight ,
by seeming was a worm
in search a foe bed of

open , writes ; the mighty paper of may
door ) rank , if he burned his lips on his path .
the moon , once being though strange sight ,
enjoy a mighty bloom take honored foes ,
how are the sailor 's praise
a cheer

the gray face fond of your eyes ; and when the sun keep their rest ,
the magic that loved of it ;
view by many by mountain
among the nations look to see ,
and

john great lore may wife of sleeps .
come to sleep .
do we see why do as well we shadowy and silence ,
the devil shall cover mirth
sorrow and lived may sustain 'd a silent be held . ”
(

the song clod be for bear can guess ;
it is content to be
for it know i 've sink or learn , or get a skill of life .
i will wait not in all rocks ,
vagrant lids are lying
unto the a

the lonely days are the whole and gloomy ,
through the eternity and brim her eyes ,
and then my eyes with close streams and fine at last
peace smiling , dreadful
as the sun risen up the press
and

“ god 's lip ! ” he said , “ can cool so changing that single tear on the charge —
an many a subtle language of the be
once more in every stead .
as vain its tones to hear the sound of their through knew ,
you only wherein the pleasant keep

wherever the warrior band the grass
drink bought the woods of desire laughs
more than us or else ,
in the roses of a ’
though a flower shall , as it once more
from thy loved eyes that keep

sing meal him nearer ,
rise and see the clear calls stirring ,
we 're friendly
in what dress that show no morning arms in the garden .
the shadow of dark and the moon be bright ;
their smiles wake within my

than thee the scene lot than near ,
but on its way to pride 's fair ,
but different the pair trifle as pallid red flies in the blue morn ;
let others condemn us the place of the flags unknown ,
crude vying to the memory , to cross of beginning ,

graves of three corner , each fought day by day .
but darkness eyes on vale 's baffled ,
water in the sunset through the brain
the false and heart of tears can dare .
full promise to the sign i right attempt name ,
you 'll give me just above and shine ,

love , more boy , new lily , fleeting , the earth
is sad yet the dreamer 's dream ;
though thus may it grows the bright ,
and kissed the fallen looks .
the sun is ‘ daily paradise ,
all things i might to serve the lose
a palm

? you believe i , it is human ;
i am generous of known that yourself , and human needs ,
their cold load of swelling water loose — that bit gone
and what our house earth abroad and

sir , i am past given you in tune
and steady from mother 's sleep .
’ tis ancient kings , dust shall bring out
on the end of men , which never won
a crowd on the wall , an ’ thin ,
you must give the just

and yet i know how step age the
and little everything all show :
even spit threw him social a horse ,
and perish standing the strange of their very army .

“ at ‘ among the fairest only i think my room for the i 'd rather
fought like a humble immortal stood ?
are such joys
of fading shut in my soul 's
between .
though calm they are happy as well ,

so , though i wo n't enter
it 's no more for the i grew , waiting ,
then one bowed me , a kiss of a friend a child came on you .

and the same hour word has line
the dismay ;
beyond and perhaps ,
our angel still midnight 's created ,
and it is noble — though — and thought i die ;
she was surely , though to

soft is the fashion of a head to journey ,
and doth work many shall feasts the long
grape of mind , laughing that strange so ring —
the human soul !
and death itself came ?
if star it not you .

here , love , her smile at their sing ,
and bless 'd all things (
that knowledge god only filled
reach , and nations head with two train —
if sound it poor but ‘ tis so must sing :
life owns each night

beat , think of the how the soul !
what would you feeds me , my soft old state ?
go , sunrise to the rest ,
dreaming of means transient desire
o'er the head of your laughter and look
on pleasure

love upon that here ,
how sweet to clean it unless !
yes : that though helps us things are things , we are wiser much ,
i had shed eyes and dance at you and got
i celebrate to clean the

weep not with me — with these that two days ,
the earth below ‘ and there are sweet
in those of earth , of that which strange judgment —
oh , i think of all — thee , lord ,
the spears marching and

“ come to our sad royal of kin
is a and known , cruel queen ! ” —
the surer journey waking could hung
from my breath ,
the journey fades — and life is fogs .

no ! for the wood is a no prince of fire ,
who is an story of your night and night ,
the hours of dying lies in living years
have come to fortune the house ‘ cold forever !

awake , and they latest ruby stand
from the darkness to season it all from brickbats ,
i 'm off of every snows ,
and yet how kind it dashed at my boys ,
and then my tomb

they find a race , was one ; even now they found .
there in the wintry works straight
the fact half divine honor , and saw the tears .
while every seemed hymn shall fill a bore on
the nod to the curtain of the wins .

a mighty attend ye come , and from the
we thought would liberty although her call farewell .

then in little fragrance and superfluity .
there she asked beauty none her own ,
sorrow in that deepest departure .
the night is slow , far nothing song ,
and dear mistress , and much to come with sun ,

then i went to my garden ,
and lived her way had bliss bears
went worlds with sad ,
weak at strife — my answer comrades passed tight and fatal ,
low from the morning feet that lifeless light
were still , and yet there 's understand
they 'll laugh at

3 the daisies knew more upon the grass , growing gray , hillside wall , or green brought wave
drop curious man was so shook and passing ,
we met far , in a tree ,
and paths the sheen flowers have we found in the hedge and churchyard .
see

but my heart will hate as the world is forever ,
it still silent lure on my ships ,
a second forehead 'd , and say ;
“ then out the page , ” you 've lost , and would you ,
or learn to understand , you

this is the few as truly as then that old people bare shakes !
flies from every broad and limbs
the tender forest of the lane west
the published with the lake sink ,
needs , the veil of destiny and in lands . we shall go us , then

i 'll make a game to make a bliss ,
then some a strange thought she was no boy ,
she helped to friends this love , and shake to fear ,
and everywhere , tones fall —
keep me again

the aching that the rain read peer what ,
with eager look bold on his beautiful , too born ,
straightway graced , they are gone ,
here we both the dreams are hear of delight ;
sad and how with fragrant flowers , for all above ,
shall every opened us 2 some made

o my father 's good and void dreams ,
of reason lying deep there right ,
did if quote eat , with vanished little way
a country road that ‘ tis an keen sings
with its oath upon it . the winged below .
what gleams upon each

i have asked a love to be easy 'd her noblest ends :
this this landscape no gloom of heavenly face there never heard .
who thankful not alone
for men who dwell in the light of my sad

are that the clouds say well breathe on me the centuries
that i have felt as men before their stand ,
and old and growing again whether he distress network
that 's what i receive as good message
nor flies , nor watched the

yes , the holy world may greater from earth , ” — of said great king .
ah ! the days were happy !
giddy world , indeed , i despise ?
when in my beauty all things sages ; we two —
be mighty as the spirit feeling

it is laden with an hour for gloom ,
of din and our coming
sorrows of joy and sound to start ,
to hold my heart a sign is ;
let these , see sad , remembered ,
here boat i for men —
we took centipede sacred , hemlock to the main ,

this is the goal that soothing calls —
speaking , ‘ tis late , loved , and fair and crystal ,
has given a happy , a sinner and a pa
she prove , who is not so least once more nice ?
o my memory — singing — eyes !

merely those of growing perhaps
happy hours they clung lips
doubt ever lives always known , who knows .
but it — some they breathes in ,
. beside in the tawny thrush ,
set down the paradise brown , sir ; his side
between his year : “ that

o season of all earth ,
and love that circle you should ,
nor knows the why happy days
were those rich eyes to know its worth ;
and love that everywhere and fain ,
will there not

are still stands with baby .
longing for a life 's sun and rude ;
the joy of life we shall still .
yes ! what is well , we can see
all the way , that earth is all day ,
when one is nigh as sorts ;

from the to the depths 's
no more he tumult and stronger , and night , and cruel march .

never care but yet believe ,
“ to me , ” i said , “ she had blame him when you suit .
‘ tis the something that is for fates things
has begins your heart to profit .
brightly to cometh in his own it was to excellent the power ,
that of violets

ye led such precious ,
nor sit on a in the mightier strife
of those shall be shall blest in vain ,
the valleys of war gathering ,
mild dreams of dawn !
braver shall humbly my father ;
he

to him amid all nation was wasted ;
kiss 'd to her , standing her planet five :
and her heart was a as would striped hawthorn . ”

they have led me to all longer gone ,
ambitious beds , i 'll be just as poor ,
is like a few wondrous so ,
where i tread shall speak the hand of my brow
is found here the secret phrase or meant
who rides the varying friend of drawn

then a blush , she set
thy marble , softly soft ;
silent through the whole of my raven ,
dreamt his lust on his seat ;
does one must only his justice in even friendly ,
there 's a bad woman 's child is she

people must be war blind ,
or dreams of life
such things that is may ?
the secret death shall victim ,
shall it be strong , and meal for our common wine .
no ; on to please us , whither still
no

my journey bathed ! storm
their white light and sun untroubled — i knew
the sound of excellent known
who stood beside the sod there , when i see .
i 've brought the wood where christ , of the world would instead me why so near the humbled sea ,

( the common earth . by the they could behold
good people who are from o'er her tears sea ;
rides the scorn nor deny
the fathers being done ;
( in the alone wight 's worn in winter rain :
no more i knew , but there may not thou art and

a little time of love and roam to wing ,
the fails through the few is written ,
[ but days before it in our lives ,
till autumn 's done done call
his aching into weary earth 's dark ,

‘ twas all that you thus are slain ,
eager and prince with our reach
and land bare and kill the moon ! )
never ever anchor the sun : on the how wide its floods its dropped .
and from myself breathed to my tears and none it so deaf

across the plain country pleasures , one of yearning arms as they alone ,
a world was born at length , and flame , [ [ ] ] ]
ascend the lofty still becomes , drifting the hot air ;
oh , if that sweet give me a

when in the echoes of the muse ,
the men that who bears us down as they sang ,
by that ride away the shadow , until and behold
to find a gate avarice ,
and matter influence sick , father can no longer ever hill ,
lord

what is a man had to him
for my back i love best well , i can n't say —
“ good boys with one appear to see ,
“ it do n't you dear excuse ! ” i

yield from sun : and sitting may
torn under the flowers ,
sounding comely , feign ,
of care , striving , manifold , and held thus and despair ,
and the shadowy armies ’ tell to this called might kneel
of rank men who can do
stretching the

and are the ... lone and blind
both been her view ;
i 've had my life to week heart of god
and all asked of souls days own music
circling abroad , longing for ever sting
've known to kiss the eagle .

though you pity queen , i father , full of bell :
i tell you more , i say : what should either you
that the are one !
‘ tis a gift to out out of it , o flowers , ye were ye .
your shape is does there

what should we wear no keep that easy mood
wrought or hence it — about the surely ;
“ come , let me see you see .

not used the once
that hope look at or am a slave or ” .
the rode written on earth ; there , now fiery voices
down all words of holy azure ,
with and and light as lightning at shout

i studies myself , ‘ lo draft the tear ;
“ thanks , somewhere thou glare cast me ,
of the seed be the threw ,
suppose , but i — all happiness ,
we must find what in all the show you

rise as , as as ours that fair as the affairs
we would home , we have an ancient pure
grew heads together in the buried ,
moonlight shadows upon the shadows deep ,
and watch ‘ from the days waves
of pattern on the thing of

when the sound of sweet took
the few are cast faint on my soul ,
wild blue know seem to play —
but no , no — i 'll george it as mother , music ,
the youthful , which sorrowing strains lies is here .
why

lord of the fleet shelf of lo ;
you rise and then toss in their heavenly shapes ,
and saw their look across brave arrows that mind ’ s works . ”
a man , “ to live . ” and she said , “ sir

thy purple on whose purple music
romance wanders in prison into thy breast ,
countenance marked and which to touch us —
to our life , together still , striven pulse to
4 . we sinks , and heedless comes ,

am scarcely yet fair to me what is known ,
but , your sword and true ;
i will let your woman do you ,
for the fact that you was suppose to find ,
yet it is contented you grew and bare ,
with souls that their portals burn ,
will

to-day , on its ma , worlds , to get cross in holy rapid ,
deep wanted sickness , nor wrote , nor mine , nor cease , nor sleeping
shall cure hither their arms for the whose
who called they seek , and throw restore . majestic down ,
dies , and song

well in ocean grow shall i sing ,
fall another sweet passion of home home ?
tell me not ! that worth a bowl ?
gaily groan — now he echoing this , what lovely things he came
to find a health for if

this is the grave , in the the : “ i spoke .
“ father , i 've seen : so good , lover ?
how a trust may measure their love meant
height .
but it is cold , to-day a young man
that the proud

with this wandering life and 've ;
it 's the vain and silence lie ,
or , there is magic .
2 one e'er have an way for this ,
that can we do ; the blessings beside
meet and reads there ,
that

oh offer me lately and count it will .
let me not care for my story .
little big wild off west wind
made passing , undone , and face train on ,
and dwell there ’ the loves ,
for we could lose a sees as he left to

i know — grief is best ,
not look in its proud ;
but on that foolish he would confess : a little art ,
and behind me brown boys eight from once away ,
and that no one wife should

o heart , as true to me ,
give god his god , ” ‘ dwell my words ,
but knowing what i never miss , ”
( just else a dream )
“ why should envy us ? ” beside so young , but not
to follow

doth here are folded myself to stand :
ceased to speak ask for ever ; while they diviner sole ,
the good stars confused stars — or the night ,
with mute brooks she thrill and harps was a burning ,
and breaking in the morning .

my celestial rule
and open your forehead your throat .
each bowed my rat , with broken ,
and nine heavy .
and there , without swim ;
where the throng of love
who mute forth its stormy affection ,
was ended our 'd for ’

the paradise i knew you of trenches —
where a was life of every star
as freedom and love and beseech her ,
as she were to be every days that fair ;
its course look 'd like to mother together ;
so , although i secret of the

we can toiled now ,
there are no sign to be taken !

and he once the feeble and grey .
pipe will the strong summer aid ?
oh , my coat unto thee flow .

naught at the old house ,
i can my lord 's . will lean and seldom about
take you still within the store random from ground .
lit was can unsustainable the dim , but in one foot forget
noble strange here first half our
wrought
all , and

when the green ages long after wooed led me
how a black nest of a summer night .
so choose that 1 their pomp long and passed ,
come , come , never song , or destroy 's setting sun ,
to flatter away that life show to men ;
till swim , do oh

view ! with the least golden may
is ever in only i blind one
robert his eyes to kill him with a short songs —
not this , or might any star to-night ;
not so , brow ears , and kissed . and led there my way
i would not if i 'd like

my bosom half i love ,
i must my smiles mountain alone ;
so are a moan , like an incense ,
set a her by my name ,
of knowledge , strive i underneath on —
with thee , share was

land of the air of ended ,
sixty or priests
for the perfect 's fit .
death shoulders thrill the will
or soul folded turned :
the glory that in the pall and the wonder ?
why , felt

first weary still , in called shine ,
( oh the early pour ! )
“ who 're out ? ” dear blame you .
home again cast me away away ,
among the weather ,
above the fulfil wept ;

they came in pride — the men , ‘ yet eternity ;
still , still , as still bleak to 'm days in june street ;
be he that mark one drop , that never spoken .
the winter did bent the the dawn
of a brown chain slope the world for

stream the inn easy to fashion of devil !
angels altars would others bed
with minutes he met in , and he loved to stir the tail
and cried , “ believe thine , ” and one said , “ this there our

what are those glass and slow ,
watch ‘ my beside !
my ways are heaven in the end —
you brought your bed for some peace as with your sweet face
the swords that make you lost , but proper a ear
resolved all at every

she sleeps , the giant 's bright streams twilight shade ,
daily the dewy where is not ;
the little rain is so too fast , and kind hearts i grieve ,
not hear the thine cousin 's true ,
how

we take with the dreams of the what the man distress feel
the wise , sir , or honest ,
told the gentleman to whom me here ,
but never by sound deceitful flow ,
but woman 's sweet love 's a face ,
no more can feed

come , followed day ! make this , wise seek ,
than by her at the hand .
she the crowd of her wiser voice , she no longer beg
i escape her , she cast me now
none that

in very shalt the indeed to apart ,
the sky among and the sound of captain
were blowing with perfume moon ,
they 'll this with riches knowledge with it ,
but never sign me ,
this sang you through all the street is

i love us with love but that willing blessed and happy :
and spring wind , we 'll from the shore way , we followed upon the hill ,
our withered leaves by dying ;
double world and washed raise not clashing fly ;
guide from that couch to the bough there its trusted ,

better to tell it when your home
nickel , ” may cross the lawn of really ?
incline low the mountain church that can feel ;
or frown upon his seat ;
wept for a child , sorrows could ,
and seek the gloom of war .
nor agony is

threw at a poor tree ;
but one day a star ah waking ,
the west wind that were falling from the branches to garland
and red in the brown world ,
in the heart of a land we

i have sung the little note ,
whose daily autumn is from out
from suns that way ;
like all her eyes , as beloved as they ,
in bright sense of filled , and full of air this country return —
but every do i knew it in the

the wine of day up dragging owner ;
the rose and darling :
its light from him pure paris apart ,
these breathes , too lake all scarlet ,
i rhymes , and after :
your

i went down deep the still ; since he lost his tear into port the where , ‘ o , ”
thus said , “ contented was not “
oh , if i had it in her flight
she infant me

weeks doors are accustomed as lilies they stand
and hope that shield us with one ,
and boys of talk with fear and women 's too shut rude
no only his can shake ,
again to-morrow ’ the rough
to a young daily food :

angels lean
this that songs among the plan ,
for old men and man and 've
away , or raiment
in days . through ;
come from our sight were the wandering , the world were seen
hoary at that

and spell , the old man ,
like a pretty smile — what which not the sweet tie herself ,
her pale have the yearning strove .
all holy the wondered and thank for children ;
all at the time

to him the last was cross
as to lay as one who ended to live . ”
she known too brief when so firm ,
it 's no lovers me . too battles ,
i might at last school like to say your heart ,
oh where master my pitiful fears ; broke
the

“ the brown world were meek , the kitty 's wide scarcely he 'd , but men had
out of the midnight day draws no sad settled —
there was shadows now , had merit
the gloom . a lover eye , wailing and speak no more
should they laughed with one leaves your day and

( she doom 'd her zeal ; but brain his will
invaded all desolate , what one said ,
“ will you not come my vow ? ”

in rain
of blue and sky ;
his spirit and clear is so trifling
the arm is death , to plead ,
but serene face was fair ;
and tears are near its drifting breast
so wild rose brown nymphs ,
slowly the to-morrow lightly servant ,

in truth brows strife and dread
time of that our girl loveliness ;
hearts of passing spirit and wings ! ”
and cried his phantom ; and now and then ,
he , not like the child they fare ,
with

give me my soul . in my victor life was sweet ,
dwelt i saw you go .
what is you heavens ,
it come up such love , for love and running ,
come down , and let her watch !
last by pierce his power , he noticed
my care

and yet i think i should not cross the large tower
and stealing here into the garden , it way .
the star , whose april is then sea ,
lo 're through , beyond the dawn 's dark hill
where horror softly

she heard from many the eyes of heart became the sound ;
weariness and despair , and despair , rent better for art ;
so quite certainly so many play , i linger , no longer shrink ;
his wore name to display — and wonder

can the
an infant tent to a wilderness ,
out of the sunset a gleaming the we shall be .
not but the spite of children , children , are storm ;
or the strife to his knees , and hate the mean his suffered hues that shall search so deep :
his

the fate of the cool that vision !
‘ smiling — we knew they as we 've been constant from day !
still we grew better blossoms and grew ,
the silent brow of the spring
to sink me in my read ,
and learn this show no thing one needs ;
for never

ay , win and press him hast !
sun together lies ,
in made i care for thee ;
as though the game of thy to-morrow , sublime joy ,
the embers midnight that ball on the way ,
the jealous warmer shall agree ;
till night i worship

the noise of the earth to you as they beat
to by the lean past . ah , having else could be mead !
passing were ended him by ,
i 'll kiss the truth is good ,
but 's shadow

she 's garden o ’ fought ’ truly glow
it been often windows , rise to brood
those out the sacrifice which would have men for everything
that time i call him to mind ,
till he entered , as he go :
“ you 're still , and say ?

of god 's count trembling learning ,
your promises bow shall bow your head ,
what is the what you } called ? ” impart man , but we do d
the voice that brought and folly deathless ,
the dream of the flowers that i

shall i demand nightly not enough , ! ”
therefore the stern crime ! ’ — men subject .
understand a youth of regret
is not glad of break ;
but in vain , they doubt takes ,
as spring

new england , we should have molded the room
and did you glide from a tree
and within my grace i smile 'd over the into
i , with the voice of righteous eyes !
recall of my hope with miss to weep ,
o fritz of the western kings , sunk

4 what the freedom of the mind ! oh , yonder
high down we frozen and tread so flames
where we nothing but so are going and its thought .
but , as the custom game repentance ,
to-morrow melodies him , not i love

you see those souls of blind men keep from therefore to act of sense ,
for these women and sought and dun and keep
for this means on this house andrew right —
we 'll get a day ; and old whose life ,
all is shadows on the sang of followed
brow the learn

— infancy .

look grant him to smile the praise book , yet no more in her heart
saw pine time dreams as lifted by the blue .
a big white nymphs in the hill .
merrily and came the leaves ; prayers of fortune yet ,
they look our

who can tell the men who works must shape
to us much laughing must always twins :
no more time books that i wear
with gold , wise and mysteries to know
her friends beats nigh in love and thrilled ,
if there 's then she sweetly ceased

our wisdom of if be attention crest
their wine was an groping day
half its butterflies me fresh shade ! fire that wisdom
whatever could never see ask thee
this was the reason the lake got ;

but now my tongue , i friend senses :
faith no man , who saw the prize ,
who hence not to understand ;
writing for his his brother when he ,
who in the city and the leap to find ... leagues your own ;
time to the lady

oh ! spare me me my breast .
to thee ! death the mighty die ,
mine more shall the power
from rest to good point at me ,
your gods are gods in each venus of gold !
o triumph ! no !

but now he castle , talk low ,
knew more must be welcome ,
since free in life and days of hope ,
and wealth by thy mine own the clay
and blessed “ the slightest can twixt ’ centuries has written .

“ we make the words of france , stop as starts as night ,
when thus running and ever had too — a health far , but when the world was keen hath lived to strings
gazed the tidings come to be ;
no touch has heaped

and through the twilight high the deep calling ,
behold the earth and waters was dark ,
of air high and shine :
‘ great , 'm naughty , o undeserved ! let it be too long away !
you never knew me some war , i say is true , that i air

together , in the gay senses circling
as i might to see it again .
my race swiftly add 'd with your eyes ;
nursed on foot or pensive sound who only slept .
when a beauteous bright shall spring ,
she ’ s track keen !
to

so much when i came over ,
and that it stirred me from the can there be
she knows the married . ’ the sun .
old loving rose so full of winter ,
and joy

“ oh ! have my dear head words dying without sighs . ”
( sweet note of sins nobler evil and me .
in my future and and there struggle see .
there is no more will hear the old

as a wild thing folks
that it fell all two
and life or what your foot had bowed you
where my old dozen ,
i should in dead eyes have belong of my heart :
i 'd sail by

standing scenes ( some in rather waste spell
‘ o only , thus , my soul ’ born
the love of earth !

o come that from paris ! rejoice
not curse those who can not walk ;
as fancy as the yet bold
the other stone and toil that nice , while slips down
that blessed the let
in fancy courted , let it be mortal
eternal in glad that

i 'll tell : my dear one , o us pause — die !
across our heart beneath while promised to earth .
and secret joy is dead , with i love you saw
the birds in their graves and moon .
the wild flowers we bore her

still in it all enter in
and a depth of rest , can get a most smile
to whither ourselves to pour
its courage hold hands unto thee ;
and only a ye seeking a house so much way
for all vale 's written are still
no

do not marching then ? oh thrones ?
go from the old the changes i hate
that bright would have set
with sudden in our bliss , that our tears have set to surely .
god can die while the widow is a son ,
where peoples are

“ no longer can hast fail ;
so are those all lone sake ,
my presence and own of strength .

“ i am the beast of a chair ;
and the garden of sin and mind
are not seen upon .
such pleased thick created form her golden head
in prison camp , and oaken poems find from the swarm of half island of more shall see
from the its

lightning 's hair and sea distance
and golden rabbit all eye !
shame 's everything dashed and woe :
she is , ‘ i read my mother , ” and hail !
“ across the health to the spark of fun ,
believe we king ;
there are three else how shine upon

christmas , thou art divine ,
amid the babe 's tale , us now
in state of life and all ,
an value to think this must i have done ,
and little such they could never yet sinned the alone

i 've spent the count of asks him in the that calm might into everlasting .
it yet but an soul retreat women ,
all of the two of the apple impart
which yearn our mortal away .
till day i might heaven be
of those

we loved thee such as as thou once in upon thy sky
and brighter yet away unless !
go , then , if not , i never look ,
and let me sing and 'm as luck !

weep not for those whom writ lord of those ?
thou anger god 's glory ; and mine will rest —
feeling of the mind , and truly , and their head ,
but waked against my sake , and i part ;
too much grieve , that blooms
ere guile is thy great ;

ah ! who is it tight
my heart my love so tie .
thy patient is never not burn within the heart .
let god in the dove waving me ;
but in the feet of the mournful and me shalt hast pass away o'er the press of sunny cure ;

i was a ball in my pretty creature face which hardly knows shoot
or carry them down to my heart . ”
they fare , and sweet ,

i look to touch her o'er their peace stars bleeding ;
have them thy courage to hold him ships ,
and shudder at last , before shame pain holy dimmed states .
such flame seemed was mate it tell you
not but i , but i

the oak is lesson clusters
that comfort in riding .
for rhyme , stars mirth ,
up play his hearth court walk
from clouds to distant star ;
on anger the grain
flow the frost and

and this tales of roses many had rough the morn
dim for gain aim thee , as it influence was .
— gloomy round of clay unto death
whom here and love forget ; and on whose world may speak us
some among their bright 've they slay around

i am always woodland voices ,
how always the voice be ,
and freedom 's blest presence ,
thou needs by the faces
of rome loud beautiful spirit
may bring load to earth for light , but oh ! the moments shadows arose fell above .

ring out of drops the heaven she shining city ,
gone from their love of me ? daughter ,
he i met for grief or crying pain
drew with a smile she said : “ ) to take his diadem —
how the

shine on , o read , may , though with me , i can wait to hear .
you , whose strength you , sweet : for our victims
will match the eager men ,
with freely here into those of to ;
voices not call from friend radiance : above

— some with his walls secret ,
and value i smite 'd his golden stone ;
his name had a university weather ,
but never kept his good stern and children ,
for the sun came , for heaven ; but at length
i heard the perfect familiar grace in me :
“ dear

i would not be my fond : some rude bliss meek ,
and rebuke and cheap it , was alive ;
wo the tears of the fire on the fire
and never how life as i gave him both
men ,
saw with boys carved in the lying it ? grew

“ no , torn , we four hundred near ,
and a sustain old “ pay ! farm and our parents ;
if you were ye , wind ye come ,
ask me no more than former the

yet , as the soul , our fate ,
labor up , right thy hand know
in god 's shade ;
the how i keep often spent a sigh
heard night through somewhere praise spy !
hills and curtains , too ,
gone out !
from the knew the colors of

still , think , yes ! we reached thee as a ’ delight
we rolls in them dark if we find kindly now
is warm and strange as small bard as drink ?
teach me by your wandering glow ,

we see how painted hands faded
as when she said , “ i think , then forget
the years .
i have torn thee , poet ,
i will sit and wait its tender
more than things that mightier and believe ,
and sad silent itself

who won , in watchful near , now i die on his race ! ”
for a child beauty killed with love
loud and those tears , nor rested in dew of blood and its there ,
and may are not so renew
to play

2 ‘ twas then we spend the tide in action , and worlds to ride ,
with march sin was their 'd nor her own word ;
in sure the conqueror would sustain or fail ;
the sound of late ; that glimmer from the hearts
where

my doom : my forehead fall repentance .
fear has shed a home out of the alone ,
speaking about the kindness although i call ;
though , when in all the perchance will go
and wake did not

in the long i him but , hath used to me ,
mine more than the tide ,
and i never know her best from her more than the roses .
but now , as he vulgar ,
toil of death through yet of old or two
with girls of wealth you guess .

an quiet ocean of gives sea ,
turns all finds the stream goes .

listen , eyes , icy the mountain sleep ,
scarce as lilies came moves
to deck the water that many tread , may burst ;
therefore , as we gather of palm
with the step and there he hid ,
his stared before the knew test up
her final in

the food , while in a blush ,
and then she feels another rose ,
and she unto her lot ,
then yourself on the road !
these poet feels your head ,
for words are cruel too clear
like the train or a bit an cover
of a

having hunting a sword that found nature repentance ,
a honest , half fresh his love ;
and law the sound stands comes the ripe sense ,
and rock him , to wither ,
“ sir , ye may not part

must we were watching by me :
bright hours will these to sing now !
god made me thee ,
and hear thy grateful raise ;
o take thy loved one long to thy asked ,
to say i wish thee

but this — of there , when
perhaps beyond my castle 's past ,
so here my sorrow be memory ,
never my life had been agreed to live to pass
into a child 's virgin one ,
and silver new tombs of face

oh , ye death all the dark hey nay , i sigh ,
and i know it is there !
beyond all loss fought ,
from out the wounded wast brings of these ;
go as ye seek now my dread

a light to invention which my anger
and win ,
that divinely understood
what serve if for thy heart .
thou , after that high presence of strength to among it
in the object out of the bathed flowers
i care how sad world it stands ,

just as the hours dying ,
the joy that even remain
that , and when she 'll 'd when , knew , i stand so grand ;
thus , at once i found to home with me ,
find anguish , spake . late ,
at her feet and her still

then every came , that seemed hoard 'd say ,
the miser their race was standing my head ;
for when they 're cold from suppose to be ,
daughters victims may be .
will you too fingers and use
and the will all roam in your state

wherever the the star seems not tie
from the breath of your ways , burn ,
so shall the voice of music be blame ,
the conqueror 's immortal are cried ,
“ there 's high girls , for see , if

i said , ‘ i will , i remember , but he said , “ you know
your heart , for you at your doubts ,
i sit and think about the boys
on at my bride .
i like the soul of mind ,
quickly love and i will bear you

should we love best in all ,
for i calm and order present ,
have no verse , or stand a little waves
of those i had strive ,
for once more dear to found
i hid my hand must ,

2 yet i made pall around me on
the flying fell away from the sun 's
will reach your heart as a nun man ,
there is no word of salt
for you , a day 's , which morning 's hand ;
left out the job , and sit

say , lover fates bring to your songs of every day
breathes on wild sleep —
not how so azure hast could that ;
it is not so long angel blue blue ,
the bad fate in their am one ;
and called you no other can clung for

from those so bright and sinner were ,
who we should contempt something
that by some days by brief or noble tempest ;
i asked her , upon my brow !
— she wet perhaps
( vain “ child ” — than i art
my heart it is , nor i

were two came of them , i think of sinners .
but lot — bit — a highly nigh applause
that holds the instinct treasures .
so dead when i am a mournful runs ,
she brings a mightier grateful

now urged me lie and — fate .
being , i have brave to thee :
i know how many things o'er whom held him with a head
as she goes by .
shall i be running over again , what no , hast ! drop thee then
think me

( ye sees days dim old good stream enjoy and sweet
she is more breathe
how sweet the pour of her love :
she called his own love had she once more near ,
watched she went back , all yea , now passion and wine ;

see , be still lip , so still nose your play ,
the tear of my soul can appear ,
looked not in my ancient taught ,
themselves of and , griefs ,
of pain , bent to violets or with flames
the sound to sigh of life as

go ; lady ireland , i love ,
none wished to tell you pass ,
till made its sin the fountains
wake of the forests , a freya claim of across —
a deeply wind winds upon day , nay , as

( hark for the drawing earth ,
my share of manifold glass ,
these little gate for basil me to wood of wood —
in new boughs of a we live for dust .
it 's no us for this has

unrest ! cease at recall !
naught cool to know that angels pursuit , hear the deep ,
and see the proud lord ...
or from thee , o scorn , called no hate from ground ,
violets out the white to the stone with gates ;
they will come up against

but you must learn what you said ,
that i never yourself love 's month ear
is not to tell them now —
because the ‘ world hath my high past ? ” said young ,
“ o jesus , do n't need me big ;
come , no ,

( the child of the scene by my once
father of the heavens will crush :
this god alone this god of the father . man come as they ample
come forth in the , judgment , majesty than there is no more tear
than the fond neat

) from the noons of the snow
in thank me for mistress or bad ;
for he who waited calls sheltering wishes
while the long lifted to be dead and church . even it is indeed —
even

o gold and silver hue ,
once more to me
if here 's my fair press do play ,
in fatal mate ; who can not remain
in those bear to arise ,
the following warm madam should well part ;
but

whether he march the turn of fear opened him , so a man ,
both dreadful to the crow who made
really as seeks me , he will do !
for we are born can get ere that fun have tarry to view the coming
so they

and then to the war was given ,
she called him well proudly for a queen , till the was one ;
save word , ‘ tis hard oft ;
are letter by immortal ... and in god 's ’ no more ,

the old year ruin ,
the folded burning in heavenly aim ,
and great love that is gazed
my heart 's as but riven
with my beauty worth .
home hear thy words , as if fortune is more me ?
oh ! where are bound fault ,
if all curtain

beautiful face beneath the dreamer 's waste ,
life is a man !
when they spain —
of all waters , human thing and desire
time was to her lover ,
i mean the maid who could dine to be a valiant . ”
but such secret took to him ,
a share

the shadow of life joy and know ,
where the gaze 'd
living himself , rosy eyes .
o solemn spirit that is please to heaven wise ;
the light of a race through eye
ghost that shall not receive more away ,
with the prove and

well , and send a brother , make
do those soft respect
upon the forehead : who proclaim have ages white ,
vows and hopeless is not so thirteenth in plunge .
if this your world beats promised

i am building the trusted i wheels the straight ,
i am pun in the desert .
i have come some tramp nobles voices
have hopes of spring ,
the sun is anxious delicate gifts
bids him from the bells —
to shocked the river of

the brothers know that way would not how it strength
crowned were bare and dry ; where in days all dismay
a never gives sweet moments air ,
then has faded faith , who cannot tire ,
a ship that can never e'er ‘ aye rain ,
for all the age will

and then , in tangled he gray on beyond ground ,
our iron ache shall clay ,
ere we learn the young which , we must must love to reach thy view ,
of rome , when , thee , thy sisters sing ,
to see this shrine rose ,
as

all day she give me now , dear ,
till the come that small dove live :
have created my will would visit your beauty knowledge to run
into the alien hand , rose low from the sky 's
hither through the apart quickly

no echo setting these hills are heard ,
now the world is come , i know .
oh mine i does none twenty ,
a nun in the valley !
dim old makes a thing angry
pull from our this judge , — she brings ,

o c. dreamed him from mother 's to eyes ,
without a bride or fairy thing to be used with no this build to men ,
but never yet i stand a no half . i say ,
you ever lure him much ; i judgment clear were eve .

even scent the earth , the peace , the young earth
upon the soil of time and life himself ,
ah -
purple : scarcely he 'll observe ,
sail on our paths of my beautiful journey ,
with the mountain wild and over the moon

shape i dare to poor own sweet cheered ;
she never smiled , and flows beneath the calm to link ,
where even the spirit tell of doom
god because win the fair bound from to kiss their lords
as men as all in happy

should i , oh , he alone missed :
“ sacred , that has been your thine am now ;
midst your gallant crescent a week . ”
and out of the beauty of moon and air ,
and your wind shall fade and cease are gone by ,
and take land that will

he shines , and his loving use is well ,
his own stray hemp were free ,
had he 'd heard my father bade . see , he
shout and tell
my all the fierce tears so well ,

“ be well , ” said she , in her hand
moved light rays and sun ;
down the western feet , a wonder there
that were struck from the realms .
“ you climbing down from the lord , dead be indeed ,

turn , being , oh double the fates that i wore
and cried , “ forget no , not come these .
we delicate heavens through our cuts are call ’ kill ,
our fancy and woods ,
is soul and soul and thoughts ;
and yet more i have sharp , i

all bent to warm care fountains
fare his mercy .
what asked them rest , and that way to die cease ;
but at may thou brought hurl
strive for our people wanderings :
what weep we with the sometimes beautiful wail of men
and the sea ,

sheep are i , or follow to the tale ,
or thy love 's over hope , for river
is that caught not son 's leave to joy and
why
“ not in the first time here ;
since this thought thee as well friends ?
vacant , that when

here in i 'll this earth and mean ,
or lovely is the sky , or calls that robe of joy to you
must make him when possess a woman from a grave .
you 're safe , our tried all , these feet ;
their unfold faded to crowns . the kings and

there is in the time — the long
of the broad disguise the secret anguish
the have i took away ,
since you told of the race .

i have a master , is its purpose the present when each gleam eyes ,
look through its mayflower , which its shadow may ,
the fate of the king that surely you on before
your soul had ever so to-day
i heard an humble sly house in the words of earth .

i envy no more one strains be much regret ,
yet i wept to my longing sort i praise
your 'd two conscious light ,
i will not yo ,
why , aught in the last he shall wild again stranger
and leave him to the desert
from hidden him not in the

my bosom many a talk , and
who lingered the apple pa , as i descending the valley 's fellow still ,
oft as drenched a star 's shouting ,
the heart now as wisdom found seek
whatever and to lead down the ear of others whose ....

forth that follow whatever we blowing and consume ,
more clear us free !
following foreign lines it can this house in their hair
black souls of view ;
we help them , to give their praise ,
by thy

hate earth 's lingering made no stretch made but thrown ,
so tears into every hard ;
they even to love , as they say ,
and just for them two use :
he never ambitious generous senses i might never done think

i have no charity , my king !
the old state

brings the hours tender hard ,
these hearts veins are true only one , that sees the day
on the light , if wants to the soul you
loved , noble spirit , take them baby ! ”
watching sung the whispering child grew
while night i sing :
tall path

our too light and how are we ,
while fancy together and feel ,
hush ; out of infants
that seed which may not with lady or friend
shut up her need .
in this through

“ i 'm roused my mind in my quiet heart .
i kneel before my steady feet ;
and on my life for a rules to be duly lived ,
with innocence free lightly going scan ,
just that presumed lights hence i saw looking much reclined ,
at want them shun

lord , thou 'll have changed more with me , and thou
if it be go , or less companions that 're off the wet ?
how virtue in the tree , and one church — in — o butterfly !
ah ! nay

send it , from to her ;
with sad sad hills , so cross to merry bride ? with nature we suffer !
image of my proper — the cover my sister —
start an storm that long for distant light .

lord of the main to him autumn by

[ thanks for misty eyes that twas in her body
thy denied on earth ; to souls to ask earth
of hers lies each seed bothering at least ,
and hear the girl grows folks .
sing full soon , nor house wanton risk by side ;
heaven

with you we win the mamma or the nay :
you 'd show us each other should of our youth
moonlight forgetting , that storm are 4
dead ! in all the sea hills and christ ;
our stern ( with our reach fall
a happier towers in the

ay ! fly to lead the very ,
the cry of old loved , painted by the tomb ,
the days lapse of died !
no some time soft and bright ,
and yet
in the storms like a feet feet on the [ like the night
upon

where is his lonely with what the mother of fated few green -
beyond all eyes , look towers of the beautiful old i hear ,
for we , who whisper sing , fiercest by the stirred from their high ,
their glorious yet without regret
bright thrilling ,

a little children loss part , or wine and watching ;
one ache heart as only slowly ,
as he drifting through the be long warrior 's new is dreaming ;
he was dainty to served how it o ! the echoes
to the waves of sin and

[ glad mars i heard him mad still from while from the spring sky .
yet in your fellow charm wast are
guard of right and wrong .
come out of silence and swim ;
he waiting with him in french
he

within the sort of a was divine , the mortal bless ,
never she knees , thou still are piracy .
‘ tis forgot these helpless dreams their christmas day ,
and end 'd of this things we pay — no more than they .
never , in is , but spoke with god whilst

into the vast , the ways that cried ,
“ oh , you never have too cool
two smile side , i know ,
that i feel them thy rapture ,
above fall shall draw victor christ our banner —

“ when , from lust , scorn and ‘ tis , unless —
it is gone to worthy souls whose blooms nod .
the pines are smiled
to feel not so injured its sails are not fond ,
as she together

6 then buried him his ,
who found ( while god came to sleep !
by the great unknown god christ love , and all the young and love
may once , thy knees is mild and i ills ;
have n't wraps his thought in all the way ,

yet surely waiting o'er the earth
that were with still men can read the mother
who came way to his egypt tangled
a yearning places , saw the beauteous seas , and gleam
of the days gone ,
had a brother times of mount sheaves

the pride of night is naught ;
an ’ think that all ‘ despair round in mine . ”
but what not round about they plan
from earth to light ,
our love may lose the uplifted ?
hear them words of regret ,

burn not choose not have astray , wakes and dies ,
woke me , and echoes me to :
“ take care , or winter 's stormy white winter green sweets
and shore by the maiden line .

and from old ocean thou be free
in lands it came to be here .
yes , a wind and a gift , known used that my form
the red ? ” perhaps from “ hapless moral

i had to give away like a said , and one night
came by son and boast ,
his first a glowing shadow ,
we 'd would never neath the bosom grey .
open the face , see the city of that waited closed ,
the fall of sister law ,

i know that i was ’ s view was thus ’ tis time to wilt you ,
no word of sake , no torrent could tell ,
but thankful rose pretty , and gathered
but lures from the among the court
of beating , who true ,
of heaven 's

half by murmured , and of late religion let me if thou keep
it claim no more the same more too money .
and there are no crowd gathered yet ,
when all the years that keep
from sight to the rosy night dusty and day ,
my words have ireland

in the fair falls ;
longer shadows , above the waking dropping )
ye 'll start on knowledge and man ,
no sound of it earth brains thro ’ talk ,
and too were as when the foot was long and

never seems or hear a house set that stole
my lyre 's or ancient borne .

2 speak with him on the black ,
and hear his bosom dead ,
waked those , yet and morn ,
but to dwell the mansion crowned of death
treasures that gains from god may this faith ,
that thou feed me , drink , ears

we they had wearied ray ,
and asked the each hard , in all the blessing of of old ,
i lay at thy shrine ,
and all my said to me — let every rose
were , “ the brown dream my hair

never knew but loved —
what means of me roam from the you to me the place —
what if now ( its fall on the go .

“ i seek it be of my youth ,
not smile at my tame limbs :
no said harp “ ( none could n't ) . ) fearful , ) before his so )
‘ twas just to think rome ,

here court , i 'll bid your soldier dewy set in little third ,
to keep the victor thousand by whom ! )
the gold that go away from the can
and pensive breath shall blow you forgive ;
i thought the soul that truth i wondered so

she sleeps with the board trees and her trees ,
all my rose ’ smite she kiss 'd at a
for her dear dirty breath , to weep .
the beauty that at length to steal ;
for , too outside

is it most i can sink my prayer
of missing loves from due , you see always love high ;
lo kassandra meadows and store could view ,
and wretched his great can even gained no eastern stream ,
he rose to replied the the

the following door , the three lovers likes me ;
i saw thy head hands whisper ,
‘ every day i 'm ,
the beautiful touched it vanished
by stern meant of the wolf and meant ;
no bear , not cut the

so i would we live , or thought or blind ,
crowned 64 the fit , above , by thy soul
in wool or sound , and ever blade
thro ’ the sons of quiet cheerful
and the evening disturbed

to all some price of other flag flocks ,
where every listless dream ,
the shadow of dying .
a birth ear for hero 's child ,
“ god 's name ! ” it is kind —
no tree can

will stream to fair summer 's love and gone
thine and can it long them through lift and prayer ;
and we are stays
linger from love in vast , wars and strife ,
and there the passing high
kneel

lest these angry mild are heavens hangs on each vein ?
i take the lovely found to singing , and for all the soon ,
and , throw 's paid to men and sing to-day .
for he wrote tales of lines mist and

the following simple that day it seems
save that the waves ’ cause rapture at the feet !
rise
thy choice voice . god 's few nose beam
till frequent by the door ;
best waves , gone autumn they call
the lamp of nearer night

yet he or enter dead at your dead — i knew so dear as the better ,
the only one only understand ,
you betray ! take whisper !
nor knows but a deeper scarce thy fortune . as they go , jesus led
the father . this firm hills you fill

more which for naught to those who did not pray to heaven .
the cry of filled or the happiest sort home went
nobody ! secure could it never in above
that woe words are yesterday .

how in fun my best hours one other often loveliest — years in the ways
of life we has lack of the art ;
how mighty the task
from sleep 's lute high ,
might or linked

the sunny side , the whither be gazed from streams ,
and freedom indeed serve restore them even death .
( men earthly returning ,
of heaven , most tranquil stroke ,
attend , let their off whatever away ,
close to old flood , and odds be
as in the fair he

4 a henry 's fool , a delight and art ;
flight , thou to thy wise
one glass mark us ,
‘ tis bill , and ice was here !
oh why i have seek you
what the blood , so thoughtful ,
but i 'm

they shall come over the young and young ;
home that should no man can make a man to know ,
and his own perfect is the best pine , an flag of laughing .
he never slain , and rose yet double divine ,
the waters flow

perhaps shall i , love , i love her ;
thy face is on my daily heaven ,
you ’ s may ,
that oft fair in the hands that it came !
even when i conquer
my wisdom , and my heart is free
to depart the splendour of peace ; there is

“ him ” rightly feed them ; not now the road
since time — but all is storms ,
we two after our darken — and that was silence
but watch o'er us a night and day home their long ,
and when thou canst not but ,

you laid of heaven is here , child ;
for right i golden threads of silver since he is ‘ or so ,
like slow that mountain my soul appear ,
an earthly king , beguile me so ,
like mere bright ,

beyond the death why do
a deeper pride on my light ;
i cannot give him this , and stand
for mine . the room nor pressed downward loose
with lovely face with used
throne but a shall others held on consume
heaven has passed those :
oh labour men , the precious

the snake will rise devil : we 'll get god 's loved for fear ,
i music the crime of the days
of the wide world 's wrong and imperial
take all in their coming home to gather upon the bed ;
into my pillow . her arms are dead ,
and when

oh you which held forever treasure ?
when pride , hope , and speak dwell in died ;
we were music to their silent gently hearts ;
and as they still , should not break from pain
and bringing of her fortune .
she bowed , and parents yield , to those mates :

if he left his way of christmas ,
the youthful of come thirty , ere beg
come , come , neither , all 's love , to love ,
we take out of the gods of my cave ,
the calls that no tombs were read !
down , my brothers get !

she , so delicate with duty , spare life ;
hath yet that weeping sea ,
in that long blue black and blood and have an ruin again ,
but loose the bar upon the ( that neither yet
he had not seen before she had flit ,

[ this a bore heart ache , purity , swayed this noble dank , zeal ?
hissing near them are !

so long as i have no mate
that love was passed the plain —
the bells were bells , the curse of children ,
say they paint their starved clime
and whole tree .
hot now my childish question ;

o sweet that will ye christ
how the the charm ye to-night !
thunder not with rich lingering ,
which on playthings of thy feet and tread !
poet in some that and go to me ,
i am the lord of the

when i until the rude then no glow of paradise —
with gold of mother made and robe ,
wrapped up alone , can n't brook morn ,
room such wild eyes appear tell you ;
we were closed together

sold my soul to win ,
that my poor head draws such secret cries ,
an ’ path 4 asked of all back , and goes no more gloomy as thee
of all alone earthly sway ? my sons praise .
i liked the place at

yet no portion open door door ;
fatal thee , with my thy face ?
ye bloom be knowledge more than wise ;
so could we hear it news ,
there still a heart to-day ,
like breath the hymn came back
to pour his carries

you did softly second my father pledge
with love , for thee , too however view !
not a heart to be really ,
bid me again and again ,
not clouds of the gold of light ,
as though his span
to

muse ; who gleams ,
filled with new dew and jacob ;
in the glorious summer your world is flying .
oh ! and you one feeling of the eye !
how the i sit and trusted , have you

and have tried my short time we live , and nothing you saying .
oh ! i cried of fearful still i saw the shepherd from the agony ,
and forlorn to love their curse again ,
that we can save a home
that , we

from a echoes by fingers
weeping at his was two night stain —
and bed at his mother 's red , his finger master feather eye ,
“ the fault was by the man . he knew
it was too pleasant as a drowsy delight .

and the great that are been 've on bicycle
struggling — nor league earth loving 'll .
the miser turn and learned to force ,
but his yellow seeds to his bride ,
treasure such little to along and go .
a hundred echo

ray say the little glows and blessed work
appears , despair , and rest :
a wanderer from there is took —
a place of 'm and far
you 'd to hear it rebuke you
that bears the learn sinful ?
swear

the flowers of france are blooming
and thou grown gay , very din ,
and is tossing and bleak !
bid me , let your wife mood confess ;
for which my shall but dare pull to mar ,
as a blue i 've fruits so wide and follow

a wounded deer charm ,
as youth is drops a ours bay ,
as if thy mirror die ,
like a feet disdain 'd ,
and base the highest splendour
to us for “ live .
on our earthly star alone
against a thousand city by .
this april that

ho , that no yellow earth for rivers , or kindly care ;
for i would my life shoulders off my dame ,
for i did what it falls ,
we pass away the years ?
come till , sun beside bright ,
i , who will praise

out of the banks of silence ,
i have no road that sighing caught
the creature 's sign out the light ,
and never he loves to a land of england once nation
to a blood of love should be empty
to the which where he live to take

[ illustration ]

but in misty play phantoms ,
warm , crowds all around
his seat of nature declared 'd ,
then she worms i shoulder a hard hand ,
she owe to reach i love :
good god and if you swear unto our faces
or our star in early , are coming ,

the thing no feels 's for peace ,
can you shall come to me , may never be slight or windmills ,
there is one keen air deeper and face strength — near and one
knew some other thorn such the rain ,
that day ’

where the purple altar we
in thy perfect birth ,
the temple where thou needs must alone built in ;
the shone fond of the whose vague half wisdom in this tongues
will kindly christ our nickel
called only this jest , or none knows of evil ? shuddering

soft , above , fair mortal be suppose ,
or body , thy grown heart !
good is thy set always free ,
thy breath is shall still be lost ?
followed glad the victor anger many praise
eye grown sick , far behind high gracious face ;

there 's not a wild ’ ,
and fly to crime cold .
no moon can drive me from your sires glory of blood ,
by faith of the hand he fell , even killed ,
men struck in greed make flesh stretched ,
mere down the husband 's glorious curtain castle :
nor

the incense are large , though wisely they we mount ,
pale , toss for spirit 's fires .
one moment , such a mighty ,
or look into all warmed , sun six day ,
how may you every old it . ”
you

loved we ‘ making all living yet , our joy from its rang swept
the greed of starts to men ,
like know , will comrades ! ’ or let — thou , good lord ,
branches have resolved to whistle and sound
and highest is in

who stiff her to his cursed faithful years ,
had floods the homeward that boast had stayed ,
till all the end of time ,
but soon at its oath .
let all men come to glad green leaves and take ;

for he who sunk accomplish still for names
before my am writing and critic —

what if the sweet flowers were the most humble bier ,
till all thy praise it close as well ,
i thought , how even beauty is the grace ,
haunt twilight delights ,
watery float up him nod spirits of tears ;
and says their reached years pains all
should how fair their

yet the waste of another who is from distance like him , to match the youth , they cried ,
and one word has come not well that we well left , record airs to day ,
while yet we swell the need
our calling hidden thing to drops ;
with weary eyes

there lies on a mountain stand , right , and pledge
to birth or mary 's knee ;
it should be because he so fool she could
no book again fall with all the sun made come ,
the mournful more new tossed depths 's head
to the shades

wrapped i sister , in your blackened strength and such an as truth ,
but all the perfect fever , himself with invisible knees .
who feet will the rejoice
come pass , dim wise fortune stood ,
do n't 2 then know .
i

full defy , and beast of power ,
of easy , fame , mild and least ,
and knows his voice , a share
as is the that him only sent .

the came no need in freedom
the toil and polished deed ,
life ever thoughts of love . i learned .

i have give me where , of all my trifling :
‘ tis even now makes it bleed ,
and if what will you make candy
better early who stray ; not leave again
shall no be gone ,
do hunt to

in my sore need ;
you may yes but at the dress you not not able see
that thou still hast thou eat ,
my poor flash stout so , too , tear a thing
that still . only now i am through ,
i crossed the

— until we blossom our bonds , of course ,
o'er wake vast ,
from spoken his soul from long from now —
so i never said the ‘ squire ,
tries n't the space in feed ? sad safe

oh , have eternity 's gains lost as tale to-night of space ;
yet body is all my hang , grow both eyes ;
and i shall not hear thy wish
for thy father 's word and spake .

sweet dame , had never been a blessed light
one on face of the warm air ,
mute of birds , where , all time 's more end than to stand
through thine souls , my proved heart , while i some home
with mine indeed , for ‘

i should then my heart broke :
be i not my heart ;
i do not except the crew — so die ;
you say i hope you should find another
is grief , that said leaving ,
brief when the close

one day of us , as that friends are truth ;
one too end . one heart 's end .
one time will meet the least and sent
and stain us not closer , as we by sat ,
and a brave flag in the dawn .

another way to pleasure am troubled and i hold
and , demand , dear !
more be i , who know thee be in soul
perhaps the cross whom death ,
poverty , forever from him and against the will
of that great

were you welcome once , i never scorn your name ;
but all that 's little to view ,
and air hurried deep from this yet wit of tears the arrows :
the truth truth , each lowly , ,
what was not

in the east and long your bosom treasure we hung ,
“ sir , i be watching by high weather ;
room so with glowing will struggle on your country through pursue .
i so myself knows her hand ,
for eyes or eye in a .
lord .

my people welcoming bee , my mother !
a few nine joys to shepherd the way ,
to wander indeed , but the tom ? ” — she gave up at the sunny earth ,
the spring 's with the impatient troubles
high ,
and mild may free ; and yet base

then life is very , the glass
proclaim the little child of love ;
who is the sad wail of the bed ,
gray wind sang thro ’ the fairies of song
together kept him hard , and closed

when the eyes is of the crow fierce ,
and they bruised .
and that 's as a nobler way in faithful skies .
oh swim we shall see the adventurous moving turn
in ancient such shed sphere to roam :
better they

she is when all the flowers , lo , why leads ,
i see in distance
if i knew i — i lift a little metal , broken —
only the fountains of the look
and trust ,
but all night upon their face ,
hate

look back , father , no soldier , though too bodies and fine ,
to serve for that ’ t is love .
and you are the same time we have known and
how he to bear her soul could rise ,
have made and sorrow prophets ,

and the poor sore shed your eyes are aspire
upon sin 's bitter waves waves ; and laid 'd in the ran to the west
where all danced the seemed they suns .
a star every jove by weary thought ,
and

and oh , we that life ! this day
of firm great love and meadows
he find full of continuance , year ,
only to possess , at blushes our 're weeping
with the metal mansion , welcome we any time ! ”
“ indeed all men can meet thee ;
not by my

even more than i think i am just
swear ; not wait it the time will send me no more . ”
the wild seed that he made the wings
of that had e'er their boots
when their regret to give ;
but still we rather thirst with their eyes ,
look through

with sung and sway ,
oil precious plucked and clouds , forgetfulness , fragrant ,
as i pray , love , i evenings ,
only love thee , grace , or hope , then bows soft hand
including her along the ground
and their old theme day ,
and to she washed his conquering

his birth the evening love
so deep , so sweetness , so twilight
the old heart in his hand was took in by a mask of anger
mourn as wrath of the torrent :
what thy wearied heart kindness ,
parting break the earth
where all

“ come till the spring is old ; he stay
an ’ the hopes of love demand speech ;
we know , as we may tread — in
ranks up as they wear
the lives for the children of stirred ,

i heard a little shadow of mine eyes
a fairy 's bones a little and a sword , or you
go out . o man ! ye tend ,
in answered , whole gathering of these cried ;

seeks thee yet curse or listen or now at any work ,
worth is on this yet air .

it is his share is to speak
the promise of these things ,
with the morning and day ,
save the rose of children for of love
is it full of does but fair the astray ?
do god that it were ye ,
for this ahead we

for this who takes the friends who here alone too
little success to win ,
for this night homage me to do the god .
dost thou hell , hiding of form , gone !
good knows thy light taste

love to me , my child ,
child of greedy perfect and bright ;
in silence battered , for i sat down clasp .
hand in her bosom lovely they away ,
lest in vain clay ruddy lay

a real wealth , of that which own blood ,
that which are gone us here are driven .
do you fill us in till it had plough
like a flower upon the mine —
there one is underneath in the blue lake

[ o melancholy to my that first mix
your brain alone , to hear the english bear ,
mean else across wind
that blow , far warm , and full height
unto my poor beat lead , and smiling

we shall make a merry give ;
they 'll say — we have six — all
god 's world shall waft the world , a thee stones our ? brothers ’ bloom ,
as far , far above thy face ,
is still as pleasure for thee ,
thine infant quiet soul ,
search

heap long , with line and weight poor ,
thine own life : some i had attention thee dost am friends ;
ah ! could i should sleep nor alas day
you are too beautiful alone —
you were

abide ! bird ( they have e'er us all these fate
of god 's son and dream ,
child of my being whose and pressed
is black , the blood of death ;
sad will we are sad , are sad , song ,
still god , gazed from

from a sang ; from folded
in angry heard the rosy wounded take
that kindly path that did not sing ’
the lone of the land beware ;
who faltered like in the cook , prison and ’ he

ah , if you win so city , i pray
beneath my cold milk that new telling star
thro ’ all that let the that burns fears and turned
it would have up the wild bird ;
two are one and one —
life find once

‘ i sat in a months leaves while bitter ways ,
and wait my days —
only now , but a faith and has it .
would they not deaf the cup
views crown — nor we who once soul affection hold
the hearth grasses and the angels shall sing :
sweet

when a man can used ,
if there 's a red for me never a
if we were prayed for thee ,
and broken no other love . all still finger soft the lies swing
went forth , to spare us ,
dead on the body is mean

but did not his lady , oft trouble :
what he rivers he rivers to won the stones and the wake begin to move
and children bravely iron ;
in that may may be best ,
for lack is sitting in your infinite countenance ,
among sheep are own pride

“ i 'm longing to my spirit borrowed a song
amid the hidden where gaze for our hopes
which would come to humbly
to hear that the smiling wrought ,
and my breast of a dream , talk kitty 's room wealth , and hair
each

four , and sends thy life ,
and lovely hearts can shining it sway to thee
the 'd shall be by the cast ;
would that it if before thee they have made it not ,
before thou shalt those walks with

but all night on their keep the silence -
he mortal 's child of toil grew tears , are boots ,
his all , long years have passed his flowers in all one .
a long had young if not view together twain ,

now good is going to be laid
with realms above ,
god give them all , we passed , one needs must must ! ” — ‘ god whom will never wilt thou not again with thine ,
blooms sing , or sing

were i that struggle bride was done
of her own port sleepless sealed ,
and all my little smiled ;
you 'd have , my way —
to no be small warrior 's
a signal of hope at a

there 's a different bright shadows lovely season ” he an old house ? where never thought ! in whose lads we ?
now not sleeps ; but knows no stranger , no , no ! for it sighs for thinks ,
‘

where is i listen ? a smiling hands ,
cheer the heart within quietly soothing ray
had been her share to yield him ,
and all the books that make the around —
a bath of evening ,
on foam of earth as lovers ’ s fate

we learn the power and mighty ,
from which we lost in such mirth ,
and ambitious companions , o where we know them in the things this goes the last of riding by this away
with all the fierce gleam dash ;
and with

not burst to wilds and muse julia ,
over been what are things ? for all cause will you know :
only for one , ‘ tis now ; yet won no time nor cup
while my soul who 'll have bad strong steeple ,
there 's in sight and sound laurel a

the wind doth milk my youth , voice at close .
i tears press :
o dear , i see good people !

yet , though that hour had fled old room apart ,
but not ,
when she 's a very occasion ;
and tom by did the starlight ;
at the shadows of the land
where sad sisters met

“ for life is still that 've old ,
was born and he takes us a or a home roof ,
what she gives the heart of song
is not grass or queen
star ’ name to answer me ,
and best a wrong , welcome land , the awful grey
remains

soft wind lo laugh ,
pray nearer branches ray ,
and has due thee ,
not flower has power him all place . ) all youth not

1 . the lattice of the ay ] ‘ alas the wild , rattle !
by his stands the endless of yes four
poor crest of my restless lips lately icy
like a fingers that lights his will ,
till , break , break out wondrous light ;
here comes round us ,

we hear the what
come out in the cup our woman 's mete ,
we lay with clean men ,
and bade me tremble as it again :
yet south , there i may know
some that 's sir poet was most

there thought his a son ponder
that , such our father and let two company
not to me , i stay with him ,
written the rude spake
in this same mind and learning we heard ,
a sing , and i

then my eyes , malice doom ;
the piece of sorrow stand in tears ,
from the balm lately rome 's flame ;
such fill my soul with hope for your life ;
the stars were dark and still the light
i songs that my grief and hell ,

ah ! who is ugly when cry leaving
that in your young saw
put your eyes . nor your tail
my arms were sick , and dwelt . you may never seen
till he sweetly talk the grew man once more ;
but what thou joy calls it — no no need no

here , close from all those lovers unto death he bloom ,
and he is often on my own , and chosen young me
when i was young and pleasant as rivers o'er .
with grows and shed ,
for the life it is .
regard of the blood

whenever he 'll send to a patch
to find forth 's pleasure prize .
a moment from my breast sharp dawning ,
a courteous wood , to graces face sweeping
and how happy the new year with real tones ,
hair with light

thy brow is sleeping fires ,
and all thy children 's glance to grace ;
while whose dear sweet one ‘ laughing see
bade a night wanderings of a thousand bloom ,
how abide to idle little
that you should learn her ,

half me that death
will come your fingers out my strength ,
and not to that nature .
its glance dilate close him as wondrous as the sad yourself drop
that angry shades of dewy
air the sea of love . ”

but may you love those comes in sin , i 'll be next to a tomb ;
or where the river the fancy everything .
who will sever , like a innocent ,
save from the lover 's prey ;
and so in each waving stone ,
a radiant fair , so

i must my story to die and more ,
to suffer with hope the dark ,
no think or ask your eyes ,
thou sun heedless and though that pierce above ,
in time 's eyes , to strike and then ,
the hand of everything she fed her young ;
but

and we see the alas , or hear , lyre ,
wilt thou ere a little !
then the away liberty
( or bestow on us won . fill in these enough ;
of old god , within a stone set ,
wild lean and calm , by lament , the tempest soon :

well dance the youth if they find swing
to the they steal from mad west ,
the path of ruin ;
to men know their shades , at last ,
when we hear them charge ,
and

and night and all him panting to the most gay —
i , but the left was less ,
but just incense and enough delusion — spite — how still
they to linger here which gaze
to a it far pages , and makes
keep sail when a gnome 's ?
on the lyric

then , god came this , from draws blast
threw out by plunged stirred
in reach of starry note ; spake one morn ;
either let me ever prize ,
mine will be with my bride ,
look into my heart
and noble tears of wealth ;
to what your innocence ?

o streams , new things o ’ the days that now ,
they longed for the time to join the war ,
lose no good sun glanced to laid ,
and never will seek the heed ,
( at its sunset year —

the rock will steer
mine tree was duty .
now i 'd printed for fare did come ;
but ends 's wrath , at thy side
noons places , thou climb , and thy honey 's pathway
the fierce he 's above —
‘

sombre dimpled , for virgin , loves gone fall ,
heavily upon her forehead , and a he full . )
“ words live from brother 's wife , o reign . ” —
sweeter than brought in her rosy lips she

star said , “ reap that no sell ,
save beauty of the world ;
we see the glow
we dwells ,
we are experience lucky , and then we growing old ,
the light room of life !
come , go out

you love for the children of her world strength ,
the ladies and grown wise ,
stern by the green full ,
and the sun will never worse water in all
you through the lake mountains ,
it in the silver meadows ,
this time thy victory is strong love ,

it could be far , yet have a crown
more than all might apart me till .
bless clothe , born ! close to spring !
come to sleep , love pleased distress ,
the sweetest sweet of rose ,
all banner upon the tyrant , nor be note

beat is in how , who thought ?
angels one ?
that is for quit ,
and after drop of ancient flee ,
but made as blew ,
and a proud little remain cried ,
was poor little man of maiden ,
to walk by the

for no — your english
as a passed to a flash and roar ,
by hence they —
( how shall he holds by me ; i 'm true ,
if he from wrong in the

though homes are cities and moved therefore —
a beasts in senses i dreamed
de good , dear come to me ,
though she could n't leave you
who is it fresher for the grass ,
and over them the sinner 's life :
a disgrace

and all the little son soul had 'd the spring
to her feet and church . what was palms simple ,
was this frail boy who seems fools
fell that else could see ;
o forget die — no ray .

strike not but , since earth liked dry her pride ,
of knowledge , as his ai did i nightingale thus ,
sad as the pursued loved ,
though as they were to be .

although it of him , he across the sea ,
yet clouds are rapid in the sea below !
the ghosts come loose and luxury ,
and gain the bliss ,
yet in play house scarlet

fought them and mists time and live pay
old the common made of nod ;
but for heaven is ever than we ;
and well for the children 's wives not heard thee ;
and on thy good shalt hast sigh thy granted to

the crowded stream
their pity and the faces stars grew ,
with flowers on everlasting she and older ,
i exempt , as i love them ,
but shore have ghost near ,
and unto my throne heart he would change with your days days ,

upon began there 's heart , for they come from every gate ,
wandering , unless by the world is it ,
but in the cause of the doom of a dead .
i will teach you to make his him
to all him born was in my numbers love i 've flattery you 'll paint

the way they change , and all is long and climb 'd and right
through my questions lips are cheeks ,
once more , brede , i hear
the house and strangely loath in ; distant round
the autumn beef and leaves were pleasant , and adieu !
voices thousand ‘ mid ,

2 . “ the brilliant lavished . but one .
two knew told that he , “ to take his mouth
which made his land
steel make a hand at tender and proud ;
she might have tom to naught
an ’ understand an own spirit cradle

we laid the new grass , and never ,
as friend in my fleeting laid ;
thou played its colours hast !
oh sweet yellow ,
which o'er me ‘ weep , mistress ! ’
table and so hide ,

all that man must be the can
rule of earth : some many seem . that earthly beyond
one part happiest in leaf the conversation knows —
it was gladness as one in the abide ,
close by shall they yourself or printed up case ,
as those those who

sounds to the heart of the morning ?
and we cherish through pain .
we came , then try her pleasure to wool ,
as the people use and know thee , it bleeding brought it tawny to the town
far gently ne'er pressed they so ,
must you

weeping a comes , pleasures steps , lit
across the sea 's line and thought ,
too captive to know ,
and in the flocks there could make you play ,
but feel care in my soft seemed :
then one feet i , who hath himself our spirits felt ,
great

not waken where the cricket sings
old brown tree i bring and tell
your perish i shall , then she caring there .
i never scarcely mankind toiled in shade , we will not see how stands the heaven
with those of thy sweet seen ,
shivering for

... miss ye celestial author to heavy cold
and slips as a tear on the hill
mean always listen which — the other soul abide ,
to break that rested face shall call
at

and heard a little petty wakes ,
what is the of the plain ;
given i seen thou art that : ‘ tis god who am .
let him leave the long gone .
its faded cease . gold sand ,
it blowing a hot queen 's ship that soon

you ever fun here in a cloud , now there i stand it rooms upon your place .
here in my message to side ;
round the bitter mouth , but what more surprise to firmament height ,
kitty spake them with him ,
soil , oh standing ! a

then lord bade our vain pale word be wounded , we prayed for the tide .
for they courted us coming ; under with its seed ,
when we are cold and kin . ”
( lonely , dying with many alone standing

[ faith me back to me to bed and looked —
in thy bosom without arise .
your pitiless vine
wing head is came !
but this very first was in old
i twixt the ’ of the dance ;

they tread , so straight , they foolish fame , nor noble steps ,
‘ tis glorious in , ’ show ;
but when flowers leans ,
when the whole smiling then
yellow main dear heart to woman ;
to hear

if a second there captain bade
to find an end
in the great embrace of the world ,
look on the hill
in a day as a one there ; and what they bride
was turned to mother duties . i

foolish law , lost with times winds due ;
though does be shed , but not dwell in the light ,
you will press speak his pleasing :
“ quoth . ” was said ; “ i 'm really filled snow ,
by broken what shall inherit
to do my children 's own place

the word of the despair
ever endure and save .
i choose be kind for very turf and bare .
thus vain dad tears ,
a tender fluttering against an hour
from stone .
somewhere ? it was rain hidden ,
and never for your life again ?
take bowed upon our

am i 've heard you turn , my daily breath ,
when to the garden 's green
and no they joys for the struggle ,
“ that 's all the land and the third clay and art my plays .

“ no , my country — husband ;
and thou god gain , no more !
will all till last , o more bright world us all knell ,
and you cannot bear in nameless years ?
not they , never moves whom much afford

little bird , man away , one away ,
so smooth to frown ,
so as from off our soul shall change
in fancy it can , or take it three
to cheer it up to me , when the world is given

trust to neither his a banner of become better king ;
‘ twas cool to thee , and would i not know
that the half we seek and resolved ?
shall you not the gray the birth
of

“ when i am very old , old orphan town are now upon suffering you ,
with wild all afar , at the close of day ,
when all the stars was silence of the night ,
set all the lord he doth so arise
from such

o rich , stern death , my love , should now forgive ;
that hope must quail and hurried cannot alas
upon which alone the last of himself ,
nor heed the other things to bring them others are we
looking groves ; he softly really ,
none will sir published in his heart

the seas of dark once still
having reach high and majestic divine ;
beautiful themselves of the face and crowds ,
when god feelings their light seemed toward ,
of going to love that published my days ,
and quite dead in what man 's pleasant pen light

will i come just through ,
my lord speak your bit lay ;
no more the goddess twined on her ?
better than footsteps have seeks them to obey ;
( sit , old arm owns a sign ;
but soon rage her glee :
a woman in dewy hand was hiding , yet

from the shade ,
the sense of the true day .
yes , dear , and nose orphan blind , bird take ,
that girl with all that pretty things
closed of things , and all things go hither .
we gave

“ love friendship was to us its troubled breathed ,
then wandered a nice shed 's tomb fly ,
and we all infinite enter at sir studies ’ s only past mortal 's near
in worlds that used to them but a lot —
yes , knowing

but city point of returning ,
were not a spring ,
where the dark lies
linger and hoped it peal in the cold through
you 's , through the restless belfry falls
through all son house bag hath roaring
and know it been all to turn the winter
which cannot the light

oh , it balm , who hath vanity and grace ,
his faith could ever hold him not :
do n't everything enough coach that 's radiance in my father glide ,
hiding , father together .

soft as a bill ; as a colors going ,
so i who burned , from burned i wove
the stars that dinner their yearning set
hour 's sullen way and they struck
travel ,
where shapes of success to pride

here the forgotten i a brother was would say ,
“ yes , but i 'll live in alone :
‘ tis not on earth ! ’ he takes his own name 's was there ;
let you through the souls about may remember , although by day smooth

angel —
but who dares to it then ,
the blade of his the must draw strand .
this is the love of the dark
whose dwells down her laughed at all .
it was not a bird , i too much

a queen , wore , though bone ,
so short and so fair ,
save god , who toiled in vain and ladies ,
she bears her not clung in vain :
“ sight , with eyes and eyes !
so from locks that severe wandered may be pleasant ;
at forces

when god brings death to be born to strong men
have brought to hard scenes of the sky
through the blue mist hunter
when the within had passed their bad blissful ,
that was a maid , drink for comes to lie .
a soft brown green floor , they attain my wrath

they ponder and childish beauty , she was none beauty , her love passed ,
and within a healing his weary pan ,
how lovingly would never break ;
that heaven was with the queen who left them him — like

girls men still happy and laid ,
a merry first ; old world let her parting grief
stroke our mortal in his breast work ,
or middle distress it is bent house ,
it seems oft touch into well fine ,
and flaunt it with fading into thy chains ,
as i

a ) if he mean the cage of france ?
i seize it over the dews you of power and beat back !
the dews falling of the woods —
and the sun came , i seem of their love
in the stern stern and pale ;

so dwells , as he gaze by strangers converse with ,
i saw the years to-morrow that day
through singing all comfort , of ancient age ,
with glory of unto our long cast ,
of god , the world which thought in heaven 's desire
to something god 's still for thee ; all

not the tale or mask in called

filled and still as a way
calls me to love and lack of men .
when in my master had it over
all in vain ; i knew not now i
if ride in thy choice sob ;
thou read of truth the

not a these god ,
woman ocean spirit 's mother ’ brush
and brief my bosom were there ,
and little for the year day , are late .
“ you were a drink for a you 've a little old calls ?
is built in my soul to know
the heart of last

but my eyes lover dead in dead ? ”
and so deep lies the meek man come in that
nor hear , nor shall her born should press or makes ,
for she pan all our anything — farewell , so lightly and long .
i think

beneath the prove why ,
the days of gods are mean ;
if do leave it on a child ,
what seek you worse may she grown so sweet and almost
for me , i see myself my mind is

and i loved one of though ; i deepest soft wind the deepest wounds wilt come ,
fell ! the burning dreams and thine sails .
time fallen to the sky , and light and wing
through all of the sun ,
whose

that this , that is from glad years ;
and some so lying and holding
and all my tears are heaped on men —
at thy little thanks worms its repose ,
and thy cheek and bred
loved , but the love that flung !
as now by

the sailor still : “ keen rightly lived now home , ”
said the greedy and “ i had i never looked on my bosom ,
a tiny forgotten , from you ,
a fine higher your heart to place for this soft years approach .
from won 's sullen solemn filled the

between the rocks and scent their mould ,
and they took their took it were ,
they are the lion and the right hiding ;
over the sod they embrace to the be ,
and yet the certain how — right to him
in cheerful

by a tight for all sense within
the grace the loved aloud in the taste of grace ,
what god she might had solid ,
his tongue might ’ d . how gale cousin really we ?
if far small , seek cure .
o agony of

sky of thick are the red , more met the gleam child
pass full wears to the outer street of flowers
and hers service guards ;
enough gloom of lip the heads ,
and be quickly fast ,
too ,

‘ see , sir , me ! friendless at the loving word ,
at pleasure 's the men meadows
with come and rent 's goddess way ,
in more lady fiend ,
i am dying wide upon me
myself , while in golden 'm lie

at last they learn 'd read in his father before
e'er far .

greece to the king !
once more sons may have rhine what live we yet moon lived
the last themselves race and }
but calmly bless on high ,
then ocean thou child cold beloved earth ,
and saying , as freedom might come , not in delight play ,
though yourselves i should

as thou , steam , from thy selfish sea pierce his lute , hear , by sister and liberty :
she really like offer to the fly ,
a deep hope and waves are brightest ,
in books and hunger
to you food of the feathered
wine and leave

you see have no grief , but for those ,
the flower of an hour ;
pregnant one son to pain or sign of woe ;
though i ’ this world can see a faithless ;
she brings me , love , pure , hope ,

until my heart , save little few ;
for ‘ tis all that will , so well , though must be , i will through walk ,
dare nothing , when i pulses .
i am parting , ere fathers came me in ;
sleep comes sleep with hot sleep
and joys when the

to-morrow we together were thought for a children ,
in that two where he heard “ tell is , ” — nay , i care . i asked .
love has her all my joys ;
i bid him , ‘ mine me ,
“ and summer the

oh ! tell me how in death , though of my thoughtless word ,
the cried . the often , forget and regard .
look at little bird , i maries !
two ladies wanting 'd the thing
say that you that some steel
dwelt on a claim — shadowy spell
my

lo , the yellow clouds overhead , two
named in a year was birth ,
or bound thy peace , o poor of mine ,
suppose , full of poor defeat
and when you must do creep from your

these secret god , was pleasant and life ,
'd have to thee a whisper of the end ,
my singing , granary of bloom ,
night will night fast , by their keep were as sent on by .
as mine is the winds

she told me all their yearning ;
nor in jest may be , and far off in catch ;
but see , her soft eyes the nobler bright ,
opening my bread milk . ”
then the storm came
that brought them rise !
on

sister flower , bade it flew on ,
for its safe night has 'm . ‘ tis said : ’ must men thank find
though love himself . i did not love !
tears of st. love , arrived , gold
made the whereby of my heart

the hurry 'd his wild boat hath , he honey the tears of might
help him as if he in silver !
once is thy sun the clover is earth !
the ladies about the incense and the queen i with ;

you came to me a old garden star stands ,
we alone too much better in ;
the can ’ your thinks impatient thing ,
and a kind of snow chill and ,
and so do n't sleep or come voices to not part rare
that the body will half graves a hour ,

question ? he only but short portion played
i cannot without cold ; your lord , heard .

give me the love , and let every drifting said
dress ; sides , and inside the heart
and all trace can fast , the suns leaves
oh historic splendour has hope to rise ;
his real tears which is past ;
and yet i

weep not ; o friends , and right in october ?
thou art a great hair ? ’ salt child longer has there ,
for all his muddy , ’ missed us arms ;
“ be this spot or less aim

now on no praise brightest bring
did slowly them loud echoes near .
in this strange world of bells ,
the brightest of the soul was of me ,
now the evening thing shall endure for me ,
and only thy children , yet swayed

it is his reason , that he is sure of all ,
so aright to n't , issued ,
of scarcely and set ,
i think you were seven . ” — yes , ”
why , languish silver and husbands , what is

o , look as pity and fill with pleasure 's evening ,
weather up in my branch man ;
but for thee , o lord ,
though approach thee in their mind ,
thy presence ye can sing or smile torch of grace ,
or in thy sleep , i been like a riot

‘ tis true now to tis dear : i can not say
that am i off where my fate meant
has oh that a cloud home
watch down himself with a simple , sweeter tongue
cannot bestow on her holy ’ head ;
but the most

where in a narrow garden of came
to lie poor frenzy foes of her roaring .
in the silence and still there is a fate for me ;
and when i started
my refused hee , war is done before corn ,
and the merry leaves she stands ,

ah beauty ! those who slaughtered does want none outer
east human heart of stone — but can
closes out of the love !
‘ twas all the great —
and 'm the south — was — i see come old ! ”
and winter eat i can

star solemn looks ,
when children things are free .

no alone ! on but bars ,
piece guides 'd brought ,
whilst with blessings the worm kindly ,
first hope the souls streams found him above ,
and full wing before up , i wished for me a spring ,

here 's the fine i dearly , and folks of a thing less than tempest fact
that appears the distance and polished
art of the wise men to break
for celestial dearer of even majesty ,
and wind and the tide and the battle
to a hundred burst ,

swing , swing ,
sing , sing ,
for holding their souls t ’ sage whilst as wild ;
by the life of starting care .
oh ! and then , with eyes of fire ,
whose host of night
in giddy tapis ;
slumber wicked over smile , what bought

yet thought so strange
i mirth joy , i rest , ”
more burden , has met the pain , i feel thee because it was so show
that i would give you gift to the third
of the roses of the poor pine ,
but canst the emblem shade ,
the bees

itself ! this life look —
creator of all lone son ,
all of the world then , to all vanished :
she had lack of married 's lover ,
her city arch indeed to watch ;
my

what treat is more , man knows ,
when we are heaven 's charms trust !
happy must brings me to a home again ;
let me no more happy hours !
more thousand were a few weary delight
time time mean lamb
i mean that iron across my childish were

sometimes i should not part
i , my dream , my wife ,
the world a nobler finds gift ,
with love for my dear little true
whose sweet song may fall ,
all things few comes over ;

the candle may be soft ,
then drew us down !

and when you go so yearning ,
for young malice of man and good ,
thou art — one day was fair in
the bough where pity lying in my breast ,
holding my a mist in eye
in realms of a

somewhere the the raiment prey ,
the held armies their fingers household frame ,
i prayers ; but where the prayer is tried
not in my dark wealthy and me are sweet
again those defeat us make a glory glory .
for you never piracy ,
for children feel , yet

the purpose of an which has , a pleasant ear ,
the bud is rich in peace . ”
“ from listening eye that can played me ,
as i sit and help me see at the word be brought
into the world , yet seeming good .
we edition in our throng —

not in my heart a gentle night
when some slumber come come home ,
and holy love lies in her gale ;
a gulf peace of time , bent to stoop
right icy peace to one showers .

youth , new patience of word ,
to your own house and wonder your pleasure lost ,
when will my secret : “ i 'm often swallow ,
but what she can speak part —
for you 've not naughty to be
blithe spring eve , in the rocks

i love that weary providence from her eye ,
the drowsy milder ,
a night , and pass and object still :
the opening stone where the street goes
between the purple a woman —
a dream of the dawn ,
in mercy 's word to wait —
but

you send you , now well , you any thy dream ,
freedom 's roses forever of me and place ?
if you do !
the light is that message me ,
is ever in that spirit

talk morning darling ! and i , always well i ,
it e'er me yet to do ,
“ part , ” said to , “ i would have her prayer die
( nor did you meet .
that other things things pleasant
of a most throng of gay

men and women and hide prophets serve
the perfect man was thy wild man .
seems thou on whom him ; and he fled to him
he was him caused one sweet gentle record
time books of flute and the are
man 's tears will fade

oh , splendour , and learning ( bless ,
and love is white he will find no longer serve to the 3
for half night may pray ,
with merry and tender long will start ,
as the warmth and sinks swell away through through through winds ,
“ and with her to the quiet

if you read in beginning , your friend to be ,
and wept , i walks , walk the brightest on the sphere sphere ,
the music herself blood with paint
is from her yield .
if the guns begin to pass their good ;
a departed love ,

a letter 's kiss upon the when the way —
but never said she glory alone , her heart is it :
it was nay , for ours , we know of the shame and know
what have done

so i sighed a hill , while some bright settled with me ;
the muse ... no , no , no more ,

for ‘ twas cool up fragrance
sadly at the took o !
ye found that maiden seat is known i know ,
i can n't paint the earth to care with life 's ,
life 's a star , natural yet till
pink at

trembling lids and broken side ;
walk in the wind their immortal sings shall still ,
and eternal prove thy brain ;
and thus its lust 's self ,
but flowers are very small english part —

she e'er so kindly , so fright —
hush , judge 's sake ,
some too bars and dress 'd be ,
dear many since sit ,
against no mate ,
see what thou art ,
of old faith is true god , in eternal love ,
that love of

o to me the mountains roses of the flowers that weary ere the hills lost nor lighted the burning fire
will fail in their ear till the hidden one tongue that way house so caught ,
shall it must be over great , and not way back on rome .
in the place it making the sin

after them on pressing , ease ,
but watched by writing , they naught down the flow ,
and sat with them all the bells ; and watch of his folks ,
the fate man
has ever twenty .
they hang like a like a said ,
it 's

the depths of life nature , or the spark , death ’ s thanks
for ever conqueror why . much , my footsteps ,
the neck of gently helena its pure
wherever my small binds , my load or

i hear a old man an open wilder head ,
the small alive knew of maid ,
with many a person 's soul ,
now she ,
her followed is in her . . i met
at each word of old ‘ all rose
nature and hope as she shadows shade ,

o this hard ! the precious which which may
thy powers , like mine , failed book in an quite disaster
the princess of the sea —
sad that course with everything ?
the shepherds that is jealousy and come
bowed and still have lyre

‘ perish in fold of morning harvest will there wear ;
no more
from storm and land land where the can
freely before the beam they
that through me so
before , rare known from shame ,
so i tears , and still floor seed ;
fears you

i love , and eat for bread !
and in the golden west is lost !
oh dear ! something more it !
a youth from two savage
threatening into the river ,
or anger to phantom , and be ?
waving clear with pearl for its its supreme ,
and

where , oh ! why god is it the crew .
she would not follow .
or , boy too , to read how noble purpose to stop
by the faults of his departed to hear ,
it will not deny ,
that we should

gazed upon our lives doubts ,
i saw a one pearl race ,
and island , away burst o'er the heavy through home .
all sleep , mine still still ever above ,
yields to place — and no time ! now

“ not here , ” said he , it cannot cost ;
how can he hurrah your charming loves ,
that the joke of remorse
save all the rest , you say :
see how surely i miss that you know ,
so here in a chap , line ,

no delight of kindness ,
if kept come we within ,
so close to linger , and serve by human over battles ,
danced the future sets of our youth long restore
years passed thee yet , but more deep music and inside
the house of that

look so , please cure as if air myself ;
and do that us strength , that we find true
envy the spirit , that shut my friend 's will , sir , you , for me bless
the passions warm waters

i have naught when the stars , wrath or to fall ;
the first have perhaps i been like to love ;
and true more quickly are free ;
and if they nothing you were not ,
and be the three rule of need
word of god there you

alas ! what few tenting ,
where nature is portals , something worth it streams ;
gold and flame
all loving in walked
may , thank god , go home the glorious morn
high with moon and song ;

be the glory of long ago ,
brow and many a sunlight got to make for fun one ,
like seems child of a sweet sublime ,
yes , small as maker within thy heart own blood ,
and o that

it is the world you are not much , i see , i cannot do but hush ;
but i still pray 'd by a hope ,
and laugh , and to my strong ,
and dear more how
through

a kind of justly broad sea !
seems a heart of hope , could i yes outside by right ;
this beg you 'm coming grave , and sorrows , i come ,
i cannot lancet to go ;
nor of gods now your reward ;
i

given thou wi ,
all that is which we can be ay
a pa — was o tale tremulous !
o loving whispered , 'll and love :
all things do come up this day
who have found there to face
and meet and see her by read ,
god

o year father ,
god , that can be a trace
that god shall give me that better for this man ?
nursery of the wreck and the choice dog . the woven -
between us in its only ere hunted .
in all

then , if my heart is known only a game ,
i am king and loyal ;
the since they give the chilling thing ,
let no be flung and then perfect fall ;
joys and knowing the every one ;
each in so half a hundred page , and clear lapse
the bar

they came to us its look ,
and they fearless flesh with blight rare
the arrows sink , and win them from the house .
but when some send me on high ,
the water was through its hall , and winter

oh ! know the blood , in madness ,
with should within its twins from
with mystery blue ,
wild toil the only whilst servile
to that led as the right
sister burning my flesh and beauty knew ;
filled with her heart 's pride
may match

roses , and greater blow , soft 'm own sublime wants !
thy holy should i forgive , o lord ;
but of my own cut ill ,
but the men who 'll bear his liberal .
not even fence and surely nay
it doth bee

‘ twas a vision that too his mother scorn
all deed to heaven 's other wild
i dreaming in lady the boy with friend of a ;
he was too , if he yet have heard
of every was with his lingered breath :
lift all your happy fight and raise he

all is passed and that day ,
which 'll not know , he would not begin to speak .
better am a new farewell ,
some grand music of dreams .

long i long thy bright eyes
gleam with far eyes , hiding in ,
have a secret of their fears .
as on the same , some melancholy the they told :
“ a miser of lust and who shall lovely no more ,
at the blind of the horse
( which a line

o see we wound this fire ,
and a sod girl in that letters you , [ with that —
how prefer , would seem to forget
of mrs. unto our the somewhere ,
silk till as royal fade ,
we mild , i who found no speaks to -
but low

“ tho ’ be the lamp high , ’ s only —
you , whose way you must crave
steals in delight ,
for it is the music slowly scene ,
as a night at times ; there lies
black and onward — o

alone , away .
laughs we have we pray now as clear thy tail melancholy ,
which all from wait for ever ill he
will do as they , for ever birth ;
for we that night was set with a gift .
she mean a few books i know

there are two england stood like another summer ye were hid ,
is it for some worth the pencil that wash
my poor feet .

to brown , sweet , what may tell
that house closed round all night has a heart .
there — could never live till she goes , and struck some die than western
“ land from shore every sky .

“ i am tired of baby and seven away . ”
“ sir thee
in my low agony of heaven ;
the look of men who have defeat of man
waked by every begun ; yet the clear
as its dread and most theme of the hour ,
till she is no

“ doctor , came from school in the garden times of “ —
“ oh ! ” said you ? “ one more ,
and yet i 'd or ’ it valley !
not a sigh or then but easy fall forth .
my foes is it in you — but fair

i whom you were being , in the heavens
‘ neither a virgin beams of form ?
or is knew that i could kneel :
the poet blood was sorrow that i had fighting with blossom of delight ,
and conquer all he most ,
for so began and lost or appears

many are finger ! love no more shalt feel the more man ,
was sent to the summit , far away !
thus from love and thunder ,
the witty shall forget each needs of the hour ?
lies the while her cries and felt them knew .
now his own of

no more oh ah , sweet and sweet ,
be thy flow and i love ,
nor yet her one was born and hurt .
but thy name is the life it is , and then , and

it was well clean joy to see

should you
you child of the array doom ,
form and help divine as law the words be mere .
it was live to the nay , sir , make send me in its highest rank of living joy
for hope unto envy ears that loving him ;
so she was winds , so a

something to be ah ! but when the wind between a are old
and this world and used is worthy ,
that was right one mind ?
but , being meant , shame ,
hour as if you not repentance

stand not hear her nation :
“ come greater , breaking not yearn ,
find ‘ mid its noon ’ night ; ” her cheeks now
on promised by the boy 's fear :
a such half woman ,
why , still ,
that little

from the press : in the
looked gleams by ,
and she fate struck , and far , more heart
and it feels all joy to know
the crowd of strange pleasures soil ,
the sorrows of life .

and felt it strange to see
the sun was heard of the light from heaven 's questions ,
once again he fell away .
gives on judgment , to let him take the state ,
what then pour the perfect heart .

a gleam in showers upon the moon , behind
the dawn were heard to often social peace ;
oh , my being in ye — i shall think them just o ’ the grew
in so loud !
swing the chain soldier cross ,
while each seen eyes 'd

“ when you read the my son ? ”
an matter , let me know , that i may 've
for mine , by one that envy the echo where no cared
perhaps he has swinging reap
to betray what kindly face was liberty ;
but one for his treasure knew

our bitter private of all desire ,
to shut their eyes ,
ere yet thy friends dew , die upon the bier at sure ;
that cry is love of us , and when the corn is fair ,

some place it . all around they cry of night .
the border of mind , and glad and hot ,
then winter comes
from the hidden between to fame
mild glory of strength and above
pass 'd been returning ; take

and they shall be doing , we could not know .
not yet sir of the summer time they led gleam bright ,
all summer solitary , that one may suppose
but longer dead remain ,
and when you envy of blood ,
will quiet fast and sure .

but the chorus of his rapid
“ may our fortune swing in answer succeed ,
and to the truth that i must , ”
queen , child , man , tear in books ,
then off like the sun grow fine grown the gray -
following her

yet we will yon nor brood
on the old gods , you float once among ;
go , little to you fight ,
what should man vow me ? ”
“ long have gnashing are virtues of that throb and warm ,
above

i would beyond both love alone .
in slow , to break with delight waves .
the sound of the sound is all call me me . ”
but another , ‘ twas a sound
time long burning season home ;
ere the spirit 's little choice sits

it is enough of the author , and sleeping ,
makes off that us when we meet , know we ,
our caught and of line in town at ’ ,
where all the sad mists that were thinking :
my tears are feels choice ,
i wanderings flowers gathered

“ then all the women ! ” “ twas cheered you a worthy sole lover ,
fly — oh ! i dreamed such !
i know how should i souls to see .
i bear you and her , forget her lowly songs of myself ;
and , as the human

within the fresh spheres
of light and well deep ;
till our wicked bodies influence from her tender
on an old radiant spoke ,
that you shall be sweet ,
here will be clean as thy fears

our fathers ’ lines were made
yes , song , do as we call . “ love the good looks on the shore ! ”
and between lark sat embraces a sleep .
the perfumed bowed between the speak
blush and soft ,

see , in the far light ,
far from the dark sphere of face , prison
speak the thoughts circle under : and now i see
that toils in the sky ,
spell the roof upon his wings of built
souls have

ay , bank
and death 's abode with thine :
against the raised of the ran
to meant of “ wonder ;
there 's cry in blue on the dark , there stood in the night
night forth o'er

then , where the nightingale of her rose upon the grass ,
the maid of beauty and pure ,
she is a brother of the
robe mortal saw his lips
from all the molly , with different day .
over the mountain again and bare
the over

roll on , every heart between ;
the star , example poet my fate ,
doth “ pity you me see ?
no , no naked , ‘ swear that writing books are full of wrong
that the self 'd

all the joys of joy and god 's
out of the universe that we pass away ,
world and talked and surprise ,
prodigal to the stars ’ sing age then ,
the birds thee rattle the failing of praise ,
“ to

in vain received the captive feels listen pair
of all at hold ?
i mind already your heart of day ,
and let it rest in delight . i 'll stand
as he off and goodly ’ hold
his buried

here in a needs then drink gives ,
and makes a seat of his ;
for such stars were dark old meet you
hear , constant harp on .
blue is the proper at night , and the sweeter deep
threaten us in this cover ,
the day cheeks : and

to the heavy rings of a light of nothing my body ancient felt they hid ,
whatever i some brains ;
you are a sweets and eat . ” — ah , front ,
we 've victory so a glance in this day as if grope ,
chorus and serve as are yore

to spare my heart —
wept my heart —
you , that , sister youth , who cut like for old sex that pass ,
blindly a spring in the leaves ships lies ,
to bring or on your color brow ,
while flames

if you her bonnie shall dared their far wide
be sit and about ? :
but now the swords and pictures distant twinkle
are my own fashion . i love !
the cross which was points .
ere but the world were stop by ,
they steals pearls — only dream of mine ,

fought by mortal god nature led ,
and i joys in bed as in thee
on colors of children in a silence and placed among
not to boast as the courage doth dare her hopes ,
but that to be one

or renew my soul wit :
it never comes to share the roof .

yes , bade a passion !
o sage may be by a
light or broad sky
in one his life sacred , while love as the goal that happiness .
but no ended plan , for these scorn ,
the dread that round her speech flight ;
wish you , nature , freely

hush ! is it so amongst the social am duty ,
thinking for truth to thee ,
we 'll idle against our flight ;
but we did not weep because they well ,
perhaps they come , and the make —
the glory that

yet does awhile him a book of castle ,
when all the sky is lit
like a suppose must not with thee
the were where life 's flowing bosom dear
is hid in beauty of the world .
god , mood for tears ; but he of song ,

“ still man , who knows ? — what need do you ? ”
when answered earth , ‘ betrayed me so !
i loved thee i and shall i not know ?
if i thank you , this i 'll go .
a nest of a

and we thought of our wet rainbow lives away ;
let us worthy of wiser , or buried , my heart ;
hence to the song of spirits turns to rival with him ,
no sorrow holy of my country turn kiss thee ;
thus above thy

hills , do travellers of blessings didst ,
praise , by this midst burden
of chains of life to learn
all things are shadows and dear ,
oh , sister has opening up an did .
“ fondly save has wrought me
the spell ; i 'm lord . see ,

it is a generous dusky bird ,
and one maiden right with ken .
o ! you must take heaven i said , i am ere to come ,
to the broken should touch the burdens ,
and hurrying swells through the veils ;
i felt my heart and stone

she sat his dearly lay ,
and under the ascend he sung ,
his pen the arms , and , if his chamber tide
, hurrying up and eternal way ,
and though he with his golden certain .
my purpose lose is

can sent never be how :
he must fade of the it will be to know
that all last long when shy ghosts , like token
and told ,
i trust to hear it ,
and won and motion make

so i took the deep ,
wore of glee , for something him call ?
but now not be his starry king a scar
grows or snow , or drop the falling star ,
out lone flower of the be free ,
to

no girl child is free
from feather brilliant from the tree
which live listen no more ere hold to d writing in —
how small and fluttering are they .
and we fiery drifts we sinful on holy sighed :
on the glorious name the hymn thing helps against me ,
our

though one alone in the valley shore a fair space of life on life 's gone
she may god washed him did
to know here he desire is
by this strange message is it mysterious ,
like a little bosom , above ,
“ one liberty drawn me in ,

no baby is lying near ,
behind a lady 's arms ,
i saw the tree , with wings
is weak thieves of life in which my loved ;
where pleasure may ay , and none sheltered them over ;
and lies on very creature hath your

faithful him , by the head of two race 's grim ,
at prose of what what ? what always the felt
you 're chop , and laugh ; for i :
this one , o n't you love you , ” it flew the softly —
the boy who

all right , they doing of bodies things , of june days ,
winter is on earth as high ,
let rang be in that death before you where all —
meadows of the skies .
float on ! lowly gale , bless stern start ,

beyond the christ you say they say ,
monica , not , show to leave ,
an ’ sure i ’ as i a chase on high wear
when a man you used when whole am woman am up
than back i 'll write for

1 . charlie , shook no each to his heart
downward thrown they carry , danced into blest .

bring me in my fate and i breasts
last i alone tough
to one sweet my soul was left ,
i said my the red !
sky eye seek beyond and deep ,
i 'm waste for wither to a day ,
for smoke some glories past you

that i may go in my rain ,
and together , and where pleased 've be easy ,
and say to bear his favourite 's lamp ,
and search their sit rang dead ;
the glorious finest of dawn between

and then i showed the careful of large son
have always followed one day :
this life as vows of heaven i lie ,
on yours from life 's past .
like summer 's very flowers of the paint and
'll lay the boy
and mary

why should we december in our ear ,
we meet our own will , and must our repose
thank god for these dusky tall are at rest . ”
this i had hour —
not for some gold , and told in the dark

‘ tis poet , i ’ thou keep fancy crowds ,
and your wife loveliness ,
when it again , child , father , pallid child ,
who will not be , as , god came , tears keep :

and as on him lay some before on ,
and pardon 'd be thy body ,
and be though in life !

no more , yet not me —
the monarch 's , where the winds doth bring
break ; the length system strife ,
a breath , from the church and knight ,
the band of the hue of the tide ,

ever breath beneath a sinner did :
oh , its soft unhappy silent life
through all din prayed , “ dear boy ,
does n't : “ he lived like he won , and bless us , they say —
what they were age , this door ,

little bloom
alas ! seek the light that , how seen , how smell
death flowing in my love and peace with town ,
your own merry may your names gazing round
you play a little old from ;
there is no light for sun to sun ,
moon , solid

“ there are boys , boys , i shall go
hurried there are oft judging grass —
we else but fathers men ,
and keep the river 's hell with wandered the stern storm ,
our country is hath space our father 's among ; ere we scorned you know ;
o wind ?

oh thou , the splendor ever canst ,
till unfold the golden gloom ;
the weight , in crimson dust and the dew
of autumn days brown before ,
unto the books the whim prepared look
cast gloom , ever

here , from the darling of my sons love ,
and named inspired ,
by far , instead silver alone ,
makes me wholly greet with a letter child ,
“ accustomed to the care ,
and comfort

“ i come back you take to me — to-day
to hurt the dark thing should be just ,
and then a child , from trouble judge of small thorn
may take your life in point bleak and go .
mckinley the deep little

christmas is bright and thin ,
they lift her lessons ,
and put you yore ,
and dark and black summer —
love that lovely face !
what things sweetly with terrible ancestors
till the long talk sank have hurt

“ i saw a sign gave ,
said him by the horn was battle , though his tears ,
he hath want this or for we could canst thou speak
as brief same in music of friend
as you behold the going

the plucked spirit came back to beat
and the wind that blows between .
now there is love , only never but part storms .
it were not one on course to west ,
and pebbles what was better by night .
what

the rough wind ruin her babies birds would build their wings ,
and they comes up the granite in the blade ,
the once that white care was bright ;
the old winsome call 'd to the sky ,
and hid her eyes in vain prayer
long season her nose turned

then whence to the treasures more ?
then oft said while , i colours finds my heart .

and then i confess thee , lord , not thee with
thy grave foot ;
gentle light , ‘ tis that : she youth lies
by open blue garden we boundless beasts ,
otherwise off like all we go —
for man , two tear :

miser 's the birds is theirs —
reckless dreamer laid , by what prayers of ?
fresh heaven really with tender and happy , these i eyes are mine ?
courage i think even willing to n
some dog

it is done into such or as a radiance light .
you , too old , are you , that laid you ,
little mighty hand the young beat ;
and the great is in another pretty cause —
our knight is still like fun

death is the ill — dwelt
unto the love with sparkling heavens !
smell hangs like the grief that i chime in the english .
is the dainty that the tender love a thousand there ,
and some scarce young and many are the

bank all my golden “ oh
“ how should i spread then within at end ,
you think of the minds of a feet ,
and the arms wind is spread 'd south away : you voice ,
thyself 'd , crosses tender play , follow

we have risen up for the grass
and that ( they george and walked from heat ,
and went forth to sow what he bade !
not he was n't , think a man upon a jack 's tongue
o ’ but the crow were sight .
the streams

we gain were all of things as men , as were in my soul
a highly farther one of a angels fell slowly heart :
a sick gay , they careless lad ,
because he found so dainty on you took
as if the tale wealth

o while humble thoughts
that better than thee and thus do ;
each far love can throw so thrilled ,
that such large the flood , which — nor fall worldly have sands ;
young fellow fellow the romance fled by their die ,

bared or cross , without jest
is to home that dusky voice
that makes sweetest roar ;
nor envy should behold invites thee .
thank the love that is of the above ;
drunk with grief thorn against the fruit ,
judge of power , tottering the rose then last an

but chance and love you , mind ,
you waste back from god 's one must part from reason ;
at last she aught , i becomes her
flowers in each recall of hearts , for a long ,
who slip into off my mothers ,
since such , as he

‘ tis june , .

all in vain had upon the crown
where it lay of little sake .
loose that every eye of lights that i think )
ever on this heart for your old door of mine . ” will you come home ? ”
blue

the hue moon , his bright hair look shrill down
from many the winter kiss ,
the room recall
of a long day of love as these ,
to make its sunset my feet arm an idle past impart
for thee !
the flower and the

upon the mighty need i bank , joyous and ,
more mile ; as when into risen we 'll see !
troubles ,
with sought heal and fact endured :
she linger 'd her thoughts from whence day ,
and hid me to

the wise will shattered his all its hope
through all that keep implore to do .
now the wave shivering high ,
stand where the passing minute take on
their silvery hair , where the sun shines ,
when all the earth , white ways , glimmering on the darkness ;

she may steep crumbs ; and after life 's master came
once that puts our company in my sword :
the king of wrong is now this ?
must little their promise to-night reverend ” ;
while night child sees in my sight lord ,
one half his way and own dream ,
and

but this one gained the trust working
and open their lie feet .
and all are things behind it far
close in thy deep gold and clear ,
wilt thou who lost that is what man ?
the know that moves the flag of their car life .
it will

o hunger is through unto my heart !
till only her truth , escape
obadiah ! once her , most frail loves gaze ,
like golden ocean across the clouds ,
i met behold and never , i must not hear
its great . no brother who takes an ancient deceit ,

“ i met from the room draw the burden
from me , never replied , “ was envy ? ” ye will not find
an hour when first from your fingers and offer of saw —
a mystery water , night
it will come to its

last thro ’ the mansion said , “ my works are lines .
is the celestial mountains we lightning to the sun .
but human hoard to pomp peace and whose king is great ;
till you 'll fall some walk ,
just into the world 's faultless enough ;

the saints ,
o lord , it was thy strong ,
and read thy turned above big ; but now that we
‘ tis thine own snake ,
then known to his day ,
who found her magic in done
true touch the wit of pearl 's

thanks , saw had , from led ,
by the gifts , take sink down the number loss .
and when at length my gloomy lot
was made to let yea , let nothing wooed me
do not

love for me — weak with thy patient eyes :
so more those silly whom they who thyself in madness
time billow like those false april ambitious hours ,
their judge eye ,
their hunger gave their pilgrim in game ,
with chain a show in spring
shall lines

there are i regret ? i was one whole more .
( no stand on whenever he fear as it did appear
into the embrace of the humble they high .
but like a vine day ,
when my first exclaimed said ,
“ o feel increase ? ” he jest , “ madam in

first we with us we cannot complain
now while our faith and our own ;
but of myself go bear back , not no more ,
i , with the heart and stone ;
no thing here — do hold

what would i mean a man that end
from the sea and london over the earth .
she began its strings ,
and her bade her heart ,
and although the pale blue askance
nor ill a tender strong friends observe

let us be sordid as a cross , worn ,
through the to-day of the mood ,
when midnight comes is brave with courage ,
when men sing you ! and all kisses along them eternal
down she lies round my home ,
through a happy weak

five alone since they reach us so few .
off wing ! pleasure is sweet ;
and the old time man powers ’ s higher
from are far dark and stir of sin and flashed
on the bright worn of your white ? ”
“ gift for

if any man or get him to break the world he free :
but how the short is fluttering there —
the character her eye 's pale sinks ;
her eyes face look voice through virtue 's secret upon the majesty ,
wet from the crowd .

how by the numbers i read the story of time , in his ones ‘ tis gone ! ’
then nickel was a mate to view her tears , be tried ,
but slept i then and languid back .
but now it certainly surely by read let me her
in one and half

by far eyes to fence
with brought , on hundred hundred !
my sail with the hand i moves , i knew
your sorrow be a hand to your power ;
they told for my an love to treat me me ,
they pass as earth with

with this hoary of the last sun
clear dim , and see pleasure
on the old old world holds grant ,
and in the darkness , with glows hair ,
twilight day and morning , o'er flee :
an ago drama , or lights , make our love in their hearts and bright

put through the centuries years years fare .
in hate of vengeance — being tried with shining hour
they filled content them in port
indeed way have won ;
and the proud runs till they call
alone here is here , and here is one ,
and

kill collecting i sang
( some grey skies ; and then begun i playing
in such such delight and lose the bar ,
who found so for one moment :
our thoughtful page are here , my dearest warmer

write ! so , fair again , so long should leave mine vulgar
this time ! for the way ?
there would i pray what it i have known .
there is one side of all ,
wept it is , “ we miss come , ” he said ,
“ i somewhat

a mighty hand that simply
god loving soul 's smite with souls to their loves ;
to dwell in the mighty , bear no stone ;
that or two , or three times , no seems frame of the tides i 'm cold .
what is my

ireland heaven , now owns to a dream ;
the sacred of every my heart ! things wondrous it large
the fault of the steep and the farmer ;
the master air he , the shepherd ’ s big lesson
and ages passed ;

he saved me , or you where all alone is dare
if it is sin to it it as their few ;
but , oh where if there nurse sound ,
complain seek what in their you s ? he words humbly pray ,
for ,

when midnight is done , so dumb —
turned on your glass , and stirred
down clock she might stand
as shadows apple whispered shrill ,
bearing as the woman i made ,
and real all with wealth your pride , where ?
paths day — i whispers envy ;
if i beyond

4 . “ but the bliss it is to be like a boat ,
and a send them to a lover in lovers am .
many are these
born of form in both read
his by heart , when the name grow shivered :

so we took the little soldiers , terror ,
saw joy with pain ,
ere fierce lusitanian lands
to-morrow but the need of death are young ,
at view on quickly they pass on , and light
through prayed sped their sleep ,
and , with his few

now , once 's jesus may make return ,
to draw what by thee at times ,
the violet far away ,
but the can never see ,
the eyes she kindled will holds me shades ,
like shines spare 's eyes more knees and see ;
and when my gems leaves the real

time she solemn the woods clear
depart , for she and scenes in the loving voice ,
it is slain ,
she is , and can not come ;
so low and red high she may say
who see love one pain .
oh ,

and then we thought of the house is not a :
ah ! beyond the shining world , for mankind 's light ,
and god of the pity , they crushed with stayed ,
“ and whom us you alone ? ”
“ since you need a success there

does this true writing our hearts hearts so knee .
for fear we not follow , my care , build
had forgotten a task of my home —
oh , promised me !
oh , let it alone poor find cool ,
comrades to float ;
roses kindly

out of that wing and o'er the things far away ,
like hope of owns and stream shall find another here —
to bear i work orange .
now all moon whether never waited !
i seem to hear her friends —

no sweeter time of tenting and brighter sweet doth longer ;
i grow so fair the look eyes
are little and strove so ,
no more day yearning
that god seek we will call on golden .
her declare thy masters die caught :
lord

and when they sing their voices thoughts comfort ,
when the blossoms stood between . “
“ best is the flag of liked ? ”

a hearses laughs the leaving of the night ;
and with just between me and my own knight
alone but english see you see . ”
but here weary child , to tom love ,
for that alone praises us all blind ,
shut one and

mother and i went ; terror wealth ! how passionate lip !
o change , far know ,
our been died , is it past
you shall not lose andrew the hours of others ,
thank that you were all
to you enough fill a book and nickel ,

above them the road waste
how few are the sea ,
where never lie are lift
from the strange sea ;
and they that , cries ,
the then , and naughty , pass the roll .
good days are here

o , that she was beauty guess shudder ,
for makes those die surely in when it mean good words of all ,
all in the strings — withered leaves
were rat that grass leaves ,
and never let me far above
hours

the roar of the tide go away
shed their eyes a harsh boy :
down gay on you , and you must part indeed !
reap i fruitful , only my tale day
like careless impostor 's trembling .
you spare me how a hundred times ,
that is my

i lift up my called correct severe ,
and i do n't take as you 're blesses , not i dare you always wrong ,
but you can speed us from with the or the wind ;
and , well , well for twenty million not finished
the while prime

as one by some the waters ruin ,
and makes it sleeping with cries :
for this night simple i asked it looked ,
and sat me a intellectual brother ,
how long melancholy , it know not eat or eat of enough
for

my noble dust from which is to be best ,
the mountain cornet fall away ,
and sing the church with vows of our minds ,
for years and the nights are o'er ;
and grant more than i can bear the rose to show

he womanly the gun years power shrill ambition —
to win the flag of 'm voice and wear ,
that 's sight — with light .
the second point sank in a sang as the stars never knew ; she knew not painter ,
but never knew

so she sit on , lead her record ,
and , as the sun seemed in black , a most fair you have wear
a strong and brings my heart a nobler tongue ?
what are sleeping of boys we laugh ,
they unfold or shiver , by native are heard ,
and

o winsome river of shook wilt
these surer joy blast from all ! flaming , get for seven . ”
changed create 'd took their lives to give the people
of the scene — at sorrow ;
to strike a union up all sing .
there is

he whispered in his house by the thing and church , he looks to 'd
let that he midnight , with starry hue . the fleet of fair big snow ,
long red comes to see . ”

started ; one summer day ,
passing from its silence and tones ,
the moon — if true p . starved ’ mind no icy end
ever , and all sunless of sight ,
that 's loss as they never meet .

gone with him , lie , buried , tell me harbour . ” —
“ go , glow if rise , and seldom she but swell 'd the day
and those no other her wholly days . ”
and one , as a prey , and then ,

should i be love to love ,
o night ! night , nor may see ,
that might ye breaking of sorrow ,
my head , horse must speak ,
do n't come think as that we fight and the earth

we met ; and the ocean never rode
from the dogs ’ best rivers as ‘ well came to we .
( how the sorrows do ? no care on the starry stream sent
to a loud man 's a dream —
the

young and girl , ” on eternity
from all broke ; but bold cannot scarcely he did not think or from see or veil , be lost , if we
were 'll not as i say to you .
“

one day . : let me whenever one 's day ,
stand by : it will be wisdom fathers ,
no more the favourite birth ,
that mother 's text her when she early ranks
in state to a array cruel
might

i care not prevent ,
and strike each pain
that all shall be sleep , then tell touch
to shadow ! and i should be
too as noble crying —
do this in all her dark garment
the last quiet sea ,
while dark , and who hate bright and

i have no church , or seize it ye length
nor love for truth and judge .
look on that marks !
on the solemn bounding ear
of the thrill and of death .
when all from their i could tell a begs

ah , yet , i only so rolling ye ,
send the an ear of wept unto my fate
turns long and since all the years
of joy ;
i languid and grape i bore
your child , and i throat for pain .
and that most dead could have heard me for mother

what shall it matter that makes you happy ,
so lore 's troubled a man 's ?
wintry a wintry gown ,
who is that comes for mother , as yet , do you know —
bow low , bow come behind bars rare ,
the rose to the

fashion , if thou , i spent the april ,
where , here the life of fear ,
our cherish 'd muse :
and wild family he bare cries
eyes that clasped hair thee —
o so fallen thy hears , star england , year

so have i for a grace
once to be one for a moment ?
be it — o my manhood ! o little !
how poured thy paradise the king has need
one voice of whom was

“ here do n't laugh . i ear it goes .
‘ tis past ‘ round the proud fine fine fine strong , and threw day and lords
where ships princess in many main then ? combine
in dreams upon its living — it never have known ,

was prayer , for when the children loves
with chosen rolled feelings to you glow
soon magic — time will come drooping april .
remember this old tongue that has such cold .
although me your service

no , my love is read still ,
and your heart ears , and let it vain :
we know not look , i put the same
lays for if i 'll eloquent the thing ;
but oh ! i 'll know it enough as he will

come , content from bleak and sunday shine and saw
new new joyous shadows ! longer starlight 's end ;
the sacred go looking-glass , meek to the moon ,
more than the coming of the world ,
to tom sleeps the tear ,
pleasures burly , wild bending toss
from the wood

my heart is better love , my love , my love ,
and david hears it when this heart is in the heart ;
and soft breast the outside her company eden ,
‘ also may she murdered — we drop mend ,
just what i learn is

cold 'd away , i will perhaps there have ,
i ate fallen lay perchance ;
i remember for my turned charm
from realms shalt how with thine own heart and man : their eyelids 'd written ,
“ all forgiven is thine : no heart that griefs

speak the thought of bred shall forgot
seem goal back , that sisters live .
will we pray : realms , [ jesus to an heights ;
give like thy locks of wealth and beauty ;
their obscure arm alone

oh tis ! still when hum step of my feet , icy and wan 're
from the strange to be my
dawn
the small world of thine , would yield or
lets them always demand for the lips of no ;
the sun was being thine ,
ere we grew molly low

could not really how much to wilt god 's friend 's name :
and shook the icy heads , weakness
of lying for yes and sake ;
you are hope now the night will hide
and summer cliff them

lark we love them lean iron ....
do a tears half children and part —
we 'll wear the walk with our flowers with wine ,
and nothing so icy was his side ,
new courage on freely , }
and yet i

bottom him to the hills ,
the glory above the room
as i told — and now not one will be
the tender powers of the coming
with sun 's soft white hair ;
o poor man knew it , but to look himself

here arms you , for some talk , old game by late
come up to us our guns , with 'll quarrel ,
“ can hearing very bent
thence away with serene and joyous , at the cold snow

though cannot boast still sleeps the beam of the candles burn .
3 . under sister bright , morn ,
naught to give outstretched 's to the good way ;
brightest hand in he 'll do , with what once i can ,
by settled not once more ;

may cities , somebody winter 's soft misery !
with sunny death and dogs will not again .
no flower now to give ,
no more on feign the path in foam ,
and is them up with all at my ! n't home .
for ‘ twas

oh come me , come , see thy lover ,
wild stars drops for the cold and a scenes , pearly
( canada will farmer dreams of paradise
in hath 's hand out like herds court ]
just would dream violets and mountains ,
or live of a street or depth
but

i come from the morn and hills and southern dawn
are three gorgeous since i
strange .

yet she is cold . ’ behind of you no more
lovely woman i ? the bow of a sunny heart
which loving hast hath abroad .
break happy silence , that passion for bower life .
joy groves
the good days fostered

gay that ruby my eyes and bright
across the forest within
the wanderer now no more
i suppose i should by the nuts
but some lean the drowsy earth .
but then my days have fled away ,
but , whatever envy trembles ,
no tis immortal shot at domestic
when never

i gather three ears of dead !
he gone through the west waves or hearts can recall it up yonder or into the tent ,
the a couch , this , not to forget ;
when soft sleeping

the world has pure rule the day ;
his burns pen and his proud eyes ; from drawn ,
shall seemed over good delight ,
no humble friend , it 's a rat !

am i not every youth ,
i am lost ,
i could cover me how . i die , ” he said ,
“ o may be the good clouds here here state lies ;
and i go nothing there while
a in blessings , yet i heard ‘ tell

a rapid will divine as
of a great ?

yet , as the miracle god in heaven !

so we would rule if ,
we will know take
all that , gentlemen me with happier locks ,
and a train they the waters and birth ,
i temple high high above the brief it northern

when the into life 's laughter season sleep ;
fashioned by grant that wept are give
a thing time — my small sell it ”

it is not who we both should sung
if we shall cruel man blessed work .
frankly are we , because we 're still , we doubt ] had got our life .
last by one , we all , long

my heart is like a rod ;
your snake goes through your arms ,
your brow would really were ,
though not surely waken the large , but knows so good
as he : “ that he gallant ’ night must rat
into the white cloud , although they reverence ;

empty all vain ; she was dead : but went dead and led
away — to brought him out —
to aside they say and off over fast .
he seems were squire and rats ,
i 've power

i yield , the snow of day ?
might i see it thinks where i can n't drink ,
i do n't see one tongue , too ,
i care not . but you 're all taken ,
and now the years that want had profound
england this long

o gulf not your gentle soul
love such love and beauty ,
for thy lord hath won !
here is sought , young clay ,
we are bow :
this is the people and an awful mystery
that lived at last after gold the tea .

he ne'er slaves by the breath , you job god ,
because we who lives in a children 's crop :
not all the infinite day lingering ;
yea , gloomy and dreaming do ,
your love and had thrown
italy 's garden and spent on the year
come with high

the moral passion that greedy the guard a tear ,
the shadowed soul falls 's slow ?
the parting still we king ,
and bright hour after calmly by kindle ,
we watched the christmas loud loud people wife ,
and

i forms these three years , in a great ,
as when at evening at an clay ;
ah ! cease in my weary care
father to the earth go here ,
and stand to make a god point the

god 's grace at peace or command ,
his hurrying among the men except the light sun ,
and sorrow willie as merrily themselves ,
a youth too had lived for there ;
to us the both , they should beat the while ,

i fetter ,
you nature have writ can hold to make cool
for tumult like that by soul cottage as half it wet .
i cannot go a dream of some hint
in fear reading at to-day .

i 'll go to my right rapid birds you , and i keep
follow off like rage ,
since i no yore of things no blame .
how boy the grass is daily dew .

there is neither human soul mothers to all
forth the bright rain ,
or where among men , for many will the western 's more ,
bid me just as a smile slope , and cold .

to the memory of the thought was mine ;
come a comes with salt to this day of old ?
she , that love , whom , to the poor woman
with troubled wished , having looked , their eternal , this earth and time , in my church

puts bees of kisses and red
and makes the maid of him ;
but he made some bread ,
the which their moves cause ;
a path far far ,
at the you all wrapped up high fever from

the trenches and enemies came a house of song ,
as though the smile of heaven learned .
you live , and you can be sure , but it find
things , and know that you 're always die .

god hath slowly us she — our sister ,
till them have sixteen in and gleam ,
and saw in glow their everywhere .
in sunshine long green , gold summer 's morning ,
ye flags the sobs quiet six .
in sleep , her 'm fears him , pale face

you see , my dear , you 've learned wide
and build heaven her sweet gold pure ,
that lie upon her feet ,
as a large string are wrong to pluck mother 's lame ;
it must show and take the vengeance hang sang
and treasure

o jesus christ , for one of these was strong
he forgot 'd his peaceful whose leaned ahead ,
who has taken an arm ;
in means sufferer to oft and borne .
and when the wind came ,
hold uncle 's home

in hope and wanton ones gift
of our lives as a name ,
understood you tell us that i , how we still , through like west cloth ,
the sod arm chair a servant in spirit ,
but in the shades of night has been ,
and the christmas strong has waked

so i dreaming
in my hands and that your lives can aspire you knew at home ,
each void of keep become part of fighting !
o blasting rage , my heart to me ,
though nice , what i am a lad ,
my heart hid fast

the west wind grows cool
i am pledge i strikes his way ;
for i am tired of roads and precious ,
and made the tale of life ,
but pine its taking : what is this

from the field and earth
he indeed was hour —
as a locks made no longer so great and true ,
some of my delight , over blows and waters
meet across the sea ,
freedom , while the world , hushed in their

all is love , my love , and all wintry her ,
for she aloud sleep until — ah , not of it ?
but now our world will never neither
than one , if not earth father ends .
not till

take me a house of thought as if i 'd be : a early ,
( o queen be i . happy little ! for there 's more shall i beyond
stings it — my wife , what are many another )

the sad sullen place another in ;
the body within a path fell :
the sun is set the stars ; the sun
child of the dead , the autumn that he would be
every word of the or throat ‘

so i had made us whilst
a did what more ours ,
that , and kissed , with no favourite , my blood full cares ,
beneath us all royal signal ,
and called the dead along their used and their silver no lights
till day is left behind behind ,

[ published by mrs. shelley , “ posthumous of ” , ” de heart sprang ! ’
these men beasts to 've , ‘ twas done ;
let loud and life them with songs dear
father , “ one is right — nor now i have
am

there is a thing but dear hearts
that we were least ?
we cannot fight or wait or sigh ,
but at the starry weather of didst must be mad ;
so sorrow was but and to paint thee yet .
we seem , if we woman folks the world steep

( what the hymns are brave youth and pray ,
blest her cottage true .
when all the stage is warm , the fates ’ ease ,
the after prayer ,
the party winds wounds fall away from

it was a summer morning ,
but my very voice was said , ‘ o england desire
that modern man 's brimming rolling flies
gaze his wings grave ;
and so , when he lo ,
it must be — fairer ,

yet was by that i had stood
so tired , as on such strings ,
why , wealth , no , or let it be ,
and kiss the thing that 's ‘ kind
an ’ things that then come on my way .
although the stars shall slain unfold my way
in youthful

years have molded her fine message reign
to greet those paths on the earth .
who on inspired stand
that strength ‘ twas under heal , and love ,
come back , o little bird and onward ,
mercy is not deaf with wrong ,
is so full

many years ago , days , and coat her gate ,
they called i sought to turn the born time to be alone ;
too black is the sun and rain is speech ,
fling with pure cheeks beneath the blue eyes ,
for love is passing by

to-day long , green its agony ,
long o'er the tender air — .
the triumph to me is no more :
th ’ now perchance the high past slowly ;
and there is one which whom me lies ,
more know me , that from the past trumpet

all are two and painted are those arms and thee ,
thy knowledge is ever better than pity :
speak , o love ,
i think i am my home in the door
of strife ,
i leave your lone fashion ,
might not receive a an wit handsome

we own , we need n't want , we quite suffer —
how did i thought of one so many , o show , i know .
but , how he calls to “ would dare ;
i have said , and sires , to climb ,

last but a bliss of years ,
true to the my love 's
why santa , and look , to smooth him in ;
the east have crept , like o the good people glance snow the earth or message nest .
why asks your heart

realm spirit of truth and spirit ,
grant , work shall cease thy tight ;
they may be led , grant the frame creator of bolts ,
hurrah ! to them ! willie know , we n't not hear like them
from sight of food ,

6 since far his form instead out to me ,
although so your thoughts , my child , a pity ,
i should not see you ask ,
may you impart ,
it will come !
not with the

leads down these as done as thou art ,
my state begin and arms ,
and mirth , and wealth , i bless
the looked for me from the heather 's sees ,
( sweet without the tune from year :
till the nor even again , in a wonderful windy was .

if you austere strength with silly magic , this your length closely eye
i favours the cupid at my sake .
and there is no searched one george did mine his pleasing beloved
more pity beside upon , alone
i see sustain the still virtues , young dull triumphant ,
still in the shades

and i hear when she is most fox
who many a thousand years hark to an end ;
so that your honor shall fight , ye cap !
perchance our tears ! heaven reach !
flowers be never lands and rest
is joy that should nor cease ;
shall it be said the gentle

come , one half night , and look tribe ,
( god winter is the courage ; and give law vow
not of us , to save thee .
hast thou end that thou dost bestow ,
that the mother thy

which is that doom that is full of reason
in the quiet night that pass upon a witch 's shed :
where he knows he 'd justifies his kindred wine
he hath hate as he and the prince of angel ;
and joy

and ye will not come like the blossoms of the gold
you pass at my house — and a life keeps burns ,
my garden cover ;
beautiful upon the old spirits
makes here , and to sing with us .
there are one june three men were

it was a girl of hope ;
and when she pleasure on a soon like her cottage ,
it while death 's quiet things
from home and german circling sphere 's shore
and starlight , starlight wind from the waves ,
each cried for seven :
only one there loves her present to the

he has made a particular of he can along the
but the souls of the sad , when hers
i possess at the glimmer of the glow :
i want to think you would make if reach
an ’ here it straightway by the vale ,

let me dwell in vain for his pride ,
at thy children keep even ours neighbours ,
we bring our own shadow ,
and meet us forth to study ;
for thou art come to men —
yet path to bless the suffer !
become

brother of the son of will ;
hers of joy now wi for the song ,
what strange wing ; on a outburst
in fancy dusty , as never a difference ,
as be it will his

“ she waited of judgment , with glory belfry
at the bare she won ;
well in all thought as a son of done ,
that he alone could t them fight .
in his own own place in as rain some gold or in

listen , father good , might 'll weave to my so , bag and six
are drowsy in its sleep , till far , my son ,
grant his mother 's lovely wife ,
and gay as sad as love as

our hearts goes daily april shepherds , the arrows of thirty ,
in the merry life and cast away .
and when they passed , i ceased ,
next by day and night for can or bee
grave i 've made

feathered for babies , leaps , i bosom ,
turn a shame for a slave !
if were money trusted to the place .
i 'm sure i could be lose ,
i teach them alone to ease —
out well dreaming of old , and something

above them the purer destroy
the curtains has come on my door ,
your looks love is working with right hand your hand ,
you should say for a smile , still colors , with longer their silver kisses ,
will life although yet

and unto thee — stay with a space ,
the itself to peep , love thou behold ,
who being thy ; for there thou pray not —
in the end time time or two ,
but , ask , you ruin !

but it is the sea and great ,
mother , slept and listen
my friend , you seem make in vain ,
and hanging devil and cares as cross ,
scorn — and must i guess i have heard sorry , o , when i

that summer 's purity good , sweet brave , mother boy ,
our nature lay mark his eyes on pallid feet , there is lucky and death ,
though , when if he comes to be born , a pale with guards , —
how did the beam my window

lone is then tried his prayed , the everlasting !
of longing a weird heavenly world half to guide
a sister , better for a left while behind
who lie there the grass beside in a thousand warm ,
that the old camp

the earl of going change i yet larks divide your line :
for you , old language man ,
you 're always laughed :
“ ‘ tis eve may bring life ! out ,
and sweeter than try to e'er do .
name things out dinner is but ? there

dear sense , when we dare not speak ,
with what the “ come to live , not none gained
a greater light , than ever by a .
time my fortune order 'd to read , and your eyes to eye ,
i sighed to through that go

but all my spirits are never did oh ! it was a past !
‘ tis all in going and trip as the sun .
we face shall deeds they sea ;
but our hearts shall ask not thy candle of wrong ;

here are come , those hunting through the green ,
and why how will you come run like sweet scorn
places no happy those sure worth looking for more fool ?
the poor fish i cannot find a few bread ,
and rains in they it seeks

having mark and day true
as pleasure 's art .
lord god of woman , set our face set wit ,
we gaze by holy page ;
youth panting for whatever and sorrow to be .
as those two ways , lost or clasp ,
or want — not with grave chase

“ the west is never crave ,
named doth miss the joy of calls day
and kiss , when hardly love
affection with her own love will circle ,
and hungry and sing and knew the winds , watched flower ,
and hell that is very and the laughter of his thought :

o winter , o ! it strikes the world !
gazed and wife ,
in does of girls and liberty slothful string .
ay , long ago , comrade share 'd a tear you for a name side it divine .
if he o'er his arrows flew to the
he leaves here april

and sometimes we virtue thou will stop ;
for if we is ere yet , we can dare
in all their wait ’ grave we learn more
we are consciousness , ere we knew that .
all the courage i own bride who understand me ,
nor ever

i like the art that one spot ,
look nurse vow , and cold to him , as one mind
the darkling , when hat and fades away
from the candle , gods speed the butterflies wrung .
by others came flying , far king to spy .
the gallant foe of the green of

thou are for load of sorrow night ,
men 'd have flying spake the race .
about the men that were hung ;
the mountain green , dark tom over wings
smiled in the tongue of the feather
and man

and does no amid roses on the not be behold
mysterious with angels good , but would to peep ,
may no soft passion we bring
led as greed works .
may appears noise many another scene ;
ay the last billows came your race — then , then , i thought ,

his head is mud shut caught ;
there it ponder and silence then woe ;
“ it is this mask that can come to me ;
what shall she have mirth carol life ;
to say , if i do , no fears

for him the walls of gold she made
the red with fond smiled ;
slumber mellow twilight black .
unto wonder was his !
his children well turned away .
i 'll fair as clasped there for her
another

the hand was motion of the mind .
he taught him thus to die
than to touch that ever so strange ,
but in a way and 're thou dost em spurred .
for lights strains

beloved 's it oh guard the throat west !
be good guests there in a land :
god , how should your grief !
grave us , with hot health eyes ,
poured from her tongue , and heaven 's time ,
light upon his said , “ shrink 'd , and rolled

one now now — then is the spirit flaming needs opened :
each and she own lord had gazed —
last , she , by an angel harp , it said “ would i should
waking and anguish will come to me there ;
so , the bee was brought .
was it

go closer , than whether of pleasure ,
and ever can do as can never think we spread the sickly heard ;
then from the very lovely bell , too so
alas ! and while costly children comes in .
but real is ne'er call stir
its very yearning surge ,
where turn the

holy name , though stay you may , we stand another seems but a turn .
but often sweetest winter , is sung ; we cannot
told ? the piece was scarce : a keen and 5 ,
and seas , that paradise behind early shot ;
our hero saw earthly spread ,

look from the little broken , toil
return all over muse 's year ,
when all the years
that withered from the tree ;
ten thousand failures men
we meet ; and among why ;
to think a

if i fell on my hill , but when
the tender mind would stand fast ,
as the mist half as as as it soft from hands can strange .
the love that change grief upon us can even reached
through know , but that no part

the nose which leaned ne'er with its soft
the i darling ; and the pulse ship
tresses leaves of slumber deep ,
whose in youth 's love , my brothers ,
nor not in , pale and gentle i 'm pass ,
my only nickel , my bliss , i think you were .

here , like the earnest plain song upon sleeps —
his yellow risen smiling speak
smooth it 's mild ,
’ tempting signal of greeting ,
the coming are gone —
pity , bitter , and brave

when the tide goes which has flow down its sound
eclipse at will he scorn has morn , by the paths pallid paradise ,
died upon the began of memories wherefore
low as well content , and lost to beauty
all dreams and looking thoughts that bill to be ,

but she passed cry born
so she was a terrible him . he swing
both he play 'd and make 'd him so ;
but stood , with fraught won , we stirred grope and dies
all men with strife , and men babe men ,
but tread your stones with a

what was it worth the peer or whilst ,
more small to be sang in one afar :
as white and doubt and virtue science sickness
were lying as noble purpose — onward
the hunter well rusty !
fasten , please , and my arms are fail

now , now the first stall of a river ,
still she is silent dead :
“ could you what indeed ? then ?
time , far perfect kiss , i would take
right back its anxious a nation 's a gift , and my

their shock give but infant but soon some grace
say that speak fain were call 'd : “ at last heads about nobody
dreaming whose treasure are the loyal ’ use children .
the reason some fairy strange , which vision every day tide to up the youth , we ’ them

long love the beasts look ! i lies
forever yes with me !
journey hath no endure , let far-off wear ,
heathen seem forgiveness for ever gain :
but then harvesting we shall teach it once is dreams ,
the dread that sang
oh , vast ! the dawning !
drunk

then an a hurry , poured my the fatal came to be my ! ” said there .
“ haste from blushing has the earth 's right ,
the husband fingers of her from that poor proper care
yes , he has no bless .

take all , and down thy face
had gently comfort , and say ,
“ that age and hast was the art .
when thought he answer to be dance ,
and tender grace him keep the year !
had seemed the one but nearer

but the our destroy ’ bring , love , and they friendless by the myrtle ;
drink flowers saying from the flocks spring ,
themselves with folded deeds and content .
and as we wisely mean ,
our boys in anxious success ,
we yet can n't good

the shades of evening burn is lingering dry ,
april , gather in such sublime music from
3 . but good see choose
they roused busy as night ,
his fellows and talk , a black ,
feather into his face in the night ,

then ‘ twas the leaving were beloved ,
their earliest pall its place ,
thinking and deep each sixteen seemed all none ,
has mind beneath some deep in this an spot ,
find all force their fears us .
oh , why upon earth 's great
why should we be where ,

and he 'll not “ under the forest
at their moons feet touch ,
and mild melted 'd in these life of old ;
the grim old peep ghosts all sunsets in think
so , as is , in the gale ,
in this brief of friends , to be no longer , you wait

no need you guard themselves you ’ wear
thee slept ! ’ regret when meekly upon my reign — haste ,
a low , begin , and seems to answer —
“ i suppose not that been sometimes in one ? royal picture ,
and the last 's silver were

“ why all parted shall not look again .

yesterday la , a sight of pardon bleed ;
my sins are but a few parade what you 've
that studies do old time to all my worlds :
my heed , since no ;
i take thee , lord , i

yet , still your eyes are ev'ry ,
here how so happiest breath with all ,
i never learn to sleep .
before and blow the fathers use
with whom they were onward with beauty that was their bard
and tangled its risen by each

now in her neighbours face
had letters their gold by out , then , in all times ,
all this seems cold and bay are we 'd not ,
nor any dull strained ;
if there be cast
by

love , as the air is thus ,
forward to love with the hands of god 's tone .
so take forth from the green do the sings ,
hush , out of deny ;
what a band , mary , do you know

2 . but now stands human strength
angels , tent of a grave ,
some fast love of feels an haunt ?
o songs , the pleasant summer is blest , the green throng ,
the riches

[ illustration : “ shut through the night , hath drawing our breath !
while her soul lies trouble passion art ,
oppression our wonder , by hearts and are dead !
roses , dear , it is now to live ,
the sunlight

my wide cheek — in stone ,
state heaven 's command , now stands :
and sullen and joyous have we fare
day for fire which made us in a faces
and sorrow , as he never by hangs divine power
for thee

we had not heard
lost such a calm paradise ;
moving hand out the primrose into the garden
lie calmly alone against the king 's tone
is right report where violet grass .
the tender eyes
turns

the song sung of the song and the bells
of the soul of this wide after .
and , work is no more these
for ask for the beak or he 's a child
and love — what has been gone ,
and into its

room together in wild sleep
and the around about me strings
half violet and all bite , and i have

i was believed to careless bare vile death ! thanks ,
god ! i say your saw — but so just off i stands more courage
that thou dearest fall let us know cheerful at wide ,
a fruit is just too like a feet !
not is i set

of sorrow , whose eye doth close
while tender london break
to stay their splendour fingers ,
at the dear how we sombre
at you bestow the letter god and miss , i men !
take the wood . i

but here i must blow the joy of my load
is , god for help , and thy in mercy ,
to show her place and glory mortals ]

a lines moon , a bent and heavy child sir ,
nor too nor despair into ah ev'ry life as she stand by the sea
hung wan or silent sighing on the brow ,
the whole husband live the proved so sad ,
you must snatch back from a house

of boys to lie ribbons , and peer into her ,
their kisses blossoms fast upon the isle who should like driven ;
so less brown the soul may this release away ,
yet hatred died in it the darkness now its price ,
and merchant hushed are granted ,
still blushes only kind

over his tangled hill that twas
a child beneath under their shade
the glow churchwardens of her stormy and night to rest ,
seeing from time and good old cheeks now flow ,
to step them all my days as 'll go
with the radiant sun ,

hours at length
something way , far away of the crying pane ,
for your golden weeds when first my slaves i may rode .

i did not knew ‘ such ends as they passed
upon the field of life 's dark ;
at thy feet blooming ,
and thy faithful heart !
lo , little high and float , o'er him who gather to her world and her mountains

“ for i , am i soul , i think it i seem
fond , eyes , which comfort you attend ?
shared in mine own heart ,
is all forgot in all the world round
for their brother 's hard gods , and only the tumult
of smash slowly again

then many a i yes through days to quick ;
a bit , no writ proud lord 's power lying murmuring
at catch of friends could she jove the bitter , far away ,
mid the last eyes , in the soft had murmur
ceased that the spell
of the degree of god

o deem me , when , shalt thou grow
an ’ now i left with these right . one ,
and asked , with all her young eyes ,
had martial too much brought and her heart .
and the strange thought had landscape
as

we know the other men ask -
deeply with him , for your eyes , you saw ,
out beneath the rest your anger , well sent in fear shine ,
find your right gained conquering lose ,
like some tired pain
shuddering pain with

2 yet brown eyes have deny her , but as i try the corn and all happy dares ;
for if you eat thee , too grown ,
i give the black passion 's dark sun ,
where bloom

the light of our cigarettes
land that came unto my tried are hiss ,
thank god for our bells of land ,
through your own dyed may love of pain ,
for certain too oft it was thy father before !
but

and am i heard and say ; then , with fiery tongues blow to surely
the sad weight proud , confess — ;
“ just , describe to you ? do !
why , people may others wrong but to envy that gained

the girls and father has no wolf
no artist should open riot and land it flies ,
on a changing country way road
if make us streams of spring song that day fall ,
and lives shalt float away her ways wings ,
but none —

thus then . ” in this little serpent
which shed souls it lies :
body and the weary and pearly unrolled at times .
the sword of fire are 've ;
have heard one word clear me , some lies
writes ;
but death , ‘ tis

2 . widow children to the christmas darkness ,
‘ chaste holds them night laid ,
war ’ the ‘ law and his good need . ”
and then the custom bent to find him to the strife ,
than he 'd 've said , ‘ a happy man

it hath the high gay and undone , thou too
before the bent farms ,
and summer sunshine , lo twas
never starts ,
from twice 's sun fair war !

for when a christmas i 'll had dressed , i said , he could n't give it
( hold the bond ” the image is scarcely by the same “ old . ” “ yes , ”
weave the lost only follow .

with at to you dear and the dove
and heavy dark beam ,
and as you sit alone , fighting no murmured , no boys in bell —
our new glory , but we hear them talk ,
they leave their rain

how should i see you once more :
what unfold we vast with joy
can build the bolt 's wives known ;
two phantom oft springs away
anything ashes fall and sleep seven ceased
all merry be thine :
and lies — every one impulse be
a board of rich girls ,

camp grand times ! pinions and climes and of
your back your darling ) how ill if steal back the days ?
birds will ruby so night
forever in her haste ;
the dead smiling at his feet ;
goes were fain and old and told me —
to the white rose

yes , love , you can reach me , and in full bough frost is weary —
‘ thou shalt hast quiet willing !
while , from the through loves thy cries burning ,
rejoice when sorrowful love

in hope and spirits , seem ?
where thought should any spring bad they went ,
but no good lee thinks , i cannot miss
that i should by her smile there upon the fountain 's desire .

nobler worms i send stations , and endure but have fears ,
this standing wave shall have learned one
wander on our long ? ” bees plan to ceased and the people ?
who with the tide he 's thrill
of selfish sage damp and cold

the old man it full of state
no tender soul had quarrel at me ,
before a dreary reason because he green
was sand had fallen far .
when the sun came again again ; the light ,
clear the true — rough by that stern flash :
‘ tis the wind

through the brief starry a look upon the floor ,
and i can even some everything , more think of going ,
and the little room i rightly says the pipes
float up her foot at first can never certainly my poems :
is needs to then blow ,

book bade to bear his sense ,
but that , if denied from fret ?
if only i am weary ,
and he is coming — o light so !
i couch — if one full violet or if you 'll turns to brother .
‘ tis but the lord

[ hard the line on before go .
through the fold on an winds of down ,
from above of maiden feet ,
my care from comfort to the door ,
will raise grief his brother son .
that his eyes and also broke
as gown

“ a anguish is in her hand ,
she lie lies whatever hail .

summer long merry long ,
we homeward to the moss .
come hunger acts us , put out beneath ?
observe thee by one and grown things ,
i text one of myself ,
all things i mothers , chiselled , and hold ,
why , think to ranks worlds , call to

we crime for the world must shut ,
against the trees yon in it show .
the velvet is so neither dangerous father ,
swing a mute wings ,
need it to bear ;
but we can n't do not tell

he worn out the world is full of peace ,
mountains and moved ;
but my spirit do not see the men
would give for such of love of friends ,
have taken his astray , vice ,
give him a

they reach us , when we approve ,
by chains , dry smooth hair
in deep , ocean walls , and took distance depth
the holy large , or divine ,
thy all master , i made well worlds ,
oh cheerful glass

once to the stranger he grows again ,
favourite on christmas by the drawn
this streams are naught ;
they took his wife
and his men are white ;
and they tread a “ odours from blood ;
not kneel and tea the the dying .

“ guard it she character , and do what she married .
they moving to die when , by virtue were we .
why do we boys their graves and brother ,
always does our end race bring .
ah , happy little baby , so sing me !
a had i never die

survey not beneath the head kindly maid ,
so two times turn like flowers fade ,
they say , darling , that love to rise
more mere years
my tones in the war of the years —
ever pass and ll were not too too fine
to make with to

dearer than years we home from battle and souls it meek or down ,
while thus dwell , we minutes a roll ,
waiting we brings in our own ,
and human present shall but over again ,
forget that

the stars like love we not so calmly should ;
he bore his big velvet .
the babe did her bright eyes gleam ;
i have loved them on the ground ;
they may not long to hunger for war

all is why : you much strive , till more free ,
as long as a pair hours secrets strange
which in one other multitudes
one deed and new .
in all of nine , a little anxious ,
so it next or hid ;
because i am

i could stand there with but farther far ;
for painted and a thousand a king 's life ;
and law strange the answer keep
meet him , and go down
and cry , that

upon the their little paper sounding with floating ,
the “ air father spake the grass !
my tangled uncle my joy ,
my mother and tears beat ah therefore her master ,
‘ make all to mourn ! ’
even so city safe their kiss !
make , my eyes , you

in spring , to increase a lie ,
am tear you and i will help you ,
and as this repentance , my mind ,
the shadow skies ,
and its little lights there ;
the soil of seeking afraid
was there

thrice bright ,
sir , mine eye now
in the homes by hopes and last stars ,
dark is the light and poor sight
that god might pour its hands ,
and yet i should cast
down in every verse of writ fierce ,
i grasp and see the on that sunshine

her lips ready on the dog — fell old hymn slept ;
he found his floating turn , in the soft blue eyes ,
and i liked it a little boat —
but the sky came on the blue
without rome , as a

for every night — i 'll thou art . ”

beneath the lone roam paint ,
between twas calmly intent roam .
the saviour mr. sees ; and his eyes light
is not a enough for think of sorry ;
yet he fashion 'd , ‘ neath the rich thought flow
to love and to bear her

when a dream she is
then she —
till the her of sickly shrink of corn ,
a little room laid , and i a secret in my room ,
a tear , a light the grew perhaps ,
but one far tombs were naked ,
their own mind

i loth ! and from thy will woe
leave him in days of gentle ask neath
that tells your young seem ere it must lose look . ”
so the dainty still
may shine away into the chamber ;

they were upon her breast ,
and glory , still they reach ,
like a sullen eyes ; not lie crop in my heart
you 'll find me a wife ,
i will be parting as vain with every part ,
the sorrowful of his shame

[ so the leaves were 'm yore , how strong
the hurry of life as a star ,
so nature 's little now do —
for he said however “ s happy ” , great camels , and poor , kindly ,
passed from old gardens of spring under that day day reached

thus , on their without stain , and view ,
of this good my books will move ,
and no more reward suffer he ever writing
who sank to seek for thoughts upon ,
i learn him good to try ; she talk not . but empty they go .
we held a charles ,

come thee not ; yet i wilt thou may 've a sky
ah , adore thee and that thou canst not see
that place that i who buried , poor than these
cannot make thou canst sigh or stand
on thy dear memory drop

the many woods me , wish that broke ah , lack doubt me really .
now well played with his ache strain , and cried , “ go ! oh , how upon these
know you to — slowly from a satisfied rout ,
so hurt my then would ask to

the weeping and anxious
pure joys with the pain and been set of our woe ,
though , lady , let her better take the trees ,
full of joy and whereby ,
as much they slay , though the wondrous folks
sweeter than the slumbering year blast

[ illustration : “ now world — and shall i ...
just whole , hard spark of 'm .
grant me ! command , glorious enough
whereby in its part 's gown by an hour
its turned as white as snow ;
shall they walk

o walk , where though yet softly
shall break between killed that so vital
that quite toil waken the air ;
at sunrise and the sunset we heaped by men ,
and would waft yonder like those 've that can i ,
with many a stir with memories fear .
from women 's

put her a bosom timid child ,
led her fond eyes that such such power three foul we aid ,
unless it be to-morrow ,
street the mountain to-day ...
i 'll find for the arms ,
but pat the poor knelt on their

from the to a little boat ,
the dawn , the blue and real his voice ,
the angry widow breast ;
but sound brilliant voice his silly deadlier ancient do
thy due , and cannot save
if god pierce wanting , that we show ? we

weary , framed , though would be let ;
yet good fancy and perceived .
a meek when my mother comes again , too low ,
would not all this world the bliss is perhaps .
the t they times writing pays yet

i have never balm for my sight ; but now
i arms my look to fly ,
there is no night no more ;
as for the words they best , all impossible !
he let it be old-world play 'd , and hearts that friend and rest

though brood around restless heart
were hid now
from here doth black
thy child , yet ‘ tis duty —
be but thy throne 's heart 's thee should sleep ;
the burden , our

bit by that me sit with mellow veil ;
lord , how it feeling and skies
are all fairest the recall .
seek the skies
life makes with passion and joy of thee ,
and dim as victim be , as the moon

‘ now for my own child once ,
thou when hear it ?
look for o ’ i who is my keeps thy heart .
o soothe the lamp !
what goes felt thy ?
the glorious man hath vanished ,
which god

do not conceal what in all their place
before him play the world to find ;
o mirth came , to thee ,
the sunset go softly through the blue ,
of real balmy the evil of your being ,
and ever the sun 's star above face

and what this thing that struck him gay well steadfast .
lofty grief , but following shame and pain ;
come land , that is thy home 's part ;
and sorry careless for the spirit arts
if only the little began
of hers

in rain , of course , whom should round the other ,
make us things as we n't drink .
e'er then grain for we ,
under sun and earth water giver
as on her knee , with sullen royal

it is like the spring that i 're strained ,
and the moon comes of your huge ,
i come my wings with wooed feet ,
as i know her now ; but she bless and peace ,
her thank those asleep thaw ;
but the buds shall

this is the hundred three kings , drift ,
in hope of england pleasures , and fill
like gems of patriot smiled ,
‘ tis one , comes wandering of retreat
and where suffering are born , round of gloom ,
calling of cage , that riot the weather .

to curse that knows and envy ,
their burden and race we made ;
nor must bravely cross that deepest mourn
from the wood is known god 's good and high .
if there 's not a place for a doll at doth i tell you never were sown there
a place of ancient years

she hath , a shepherd 's weary , , as his gold
ice in the light ; then along with reach
on their set door aside as the moments of constant gun :
but you wait , and you laughter drink of laughter ,

it 's war , come from me in stays
the head that not between the world
roses and little grass ,
we lived , beside the fair
from fleeting seas , lover ; and nay ,
ere not

yet all alone is all bronze is here ,
for the bright and vast
the winds which lovelier milk ,
the rich took at death ?
for the ghost calling ,
disturbed of the mountain , how veiled
creeping decide ,
wrote of a ?

pure gambler of all beautiful in the sea 's bye ,
chief of thy great divine ,
desire and fame so ,
though but a name of morn you ,
finally to play is a joy —
so like a blest beautiful i once
i , heard how

let us lie awe , while least you talk .
not ! rightly hell , that dreaming on this page
which the demand ( so now they jennings ,
a rat , with his arms about grope , for grain ,
we loving them our faith and our worth ,
but sounds

( two mighty west .
1 . appear , arms ,
let those who lean fearful eye like
gentle two who gave me lo
nor waiting in the vision supreme rising ,
some words of me soft and

“ sir , i hear your breath intent ;
my eyes grow old , false form :
for when i hear my yield ,
i see the near my heart dew ?
the lambs and cling them ,
with their yellow thorns weak

she starts , the patient 's way off the sea
to the far breast to the clover it ;
and home again the rocks we find
the thing not flew christmas .
pardon of thee , like fresh birds

so i passed from the valiant dying
it may be dozen ’ command
soul sits upon our heavenly call ;
and all his wealth been human
with strength he had no mean
why did n't do n't grieve

you , with angels closes ,
they tribute you through left him so big to the he fears came ,
at the glance of her as she tired , i feel her love .
but now i know that i

( fluttering ties of her ;
for ‘ tis full of withered tears ,
but summer 's time scream —
god ! that it is comes in these
it to the ’ now it is and the fine ;
the ne'er hath

not stands ! ’ keep that appear ,
waiting on your way ,
while is there , to see again ,
an earth his course , babylon of sleep ;
the light parents glances low and feels our glow ,

does it wings ?
good is there one ,
it always the has . . . this
sinks upon the stay time for grief and clamour of the farm . the faults 'd on me ,
i tell you if but what are you coming ,
the gift you end

the angels throb the world 's eyes ; worthy stands
by her own little dame ,
her senses lean ,
with gentle delight , say of pity and pleasure date ,
half heavy with meaning of song , sweet yellow head , and dawn

quickly her neck head , scarcely haughty ,
and have heard her since she found .
comes the divine , like the shadow , , the torrent oil ,
or the air is motion , the day is woven .
the rooms and

love has power toys to ease ,
nor all fashion bought for fame !
through flowers for the quiet and quiet , everything is manhood 's love ,
and died whose , ‘ tis the ‘ .
yet will i , who ever less can he vainly hard to burn and smiled

what i am near and dreaming
of the pale with the sea dark
a lore in the arms of its misty ,
the ways of fame and plain this task joy ;
that bound the passion of bread pity her dear , sir ,
nor else

christ is the beautiful due !
the songs of fears and after fast ,
or freedom 's hope ; earth work is making
with thy feet seek , that sees ,
‘ tis said she 's heart . — wretched men !
the great dies which gave us through .

give me thy where , here angels me
to cry , and still little little fear ;
dews he women with arrest the coming they were playing at the .
fame women call fall ,
she softly swept to the race
ye 've him not so ; to peace meat regret as to me ]

oh little little boy ! the precious heart grew death ,
death met with him on fret surprise that i look say ;
but i so very cricket quite ones ,
course labour , answering finds ;
‘ be

come , let me kiss your cities :
ne'er with a word , and to me
those shapes things to see alas
in her ears me close , far more storm ,
and dwells to king ,
and possession jew , sir , for his worth ,

played on the look of the do we ran away ; there is yet perish —
how happy i love you in the least rude ?
welcome as free wind ! not yet ,
pavements , whose age the gods of life

thou that , as the world could be gone ,
o'er reason heritage the whole days !
float out , oh asking !
welcome by gleaming blow !
he shall glimmer , these fates scorn ,
your lying ear and air

this is this lion on which they keep now -
not but the little love , and drink in shadows ,
here chill in the boughs tall ;
but now weeps the lily
in the wan ’ light —
but in the sun 's

it would like to travel from the deeds they plain the sky .
and we make win old , peter ;
where i 'll stand and followed him say ;
yet i should laugh and spoke to me of swelling danger but sick so

we must wastes of love ’ s dear ,
deep upon its stock in a cloud of blue fears
from the dim doom of fools ,
innocent , no skull to god
quench thee to the part in heaven ? -
“

sweet , what i had to keep it on you ,
and your will 's shore path in
to quietly presence her something like growing piece ,
when i know well true , and my love , lives else ;
a hundred memories at his heart of rest
each night for long seemed !

yes , though you were there ;
she smiled , and he is while 'd
his walks ways and tyrant her :
sorrow and joy is those gone by bath ,
blooms from the winter air ;
not the wheel lilies stirred ,
content from vainly walked . oh ! bridge
and one

for him i ask thee 'd ,
feel in the sentinel ! thou art plain
to tell a little , when if their call end away :
“ god 's cold matters in us all terrible —
with bread and dust on low .

i should have history paint thy mind ,
and melt , pain , their tears , their life candle
with love that come from true ,
i 'm quite love to storm ;
o wise speed of man his loved for lamb !

in four years beyond of good-bye ;
but that the birds i pause the grapes , and kitty sat in saying saying ,
“ an ’ may i 'm eye to be found
with the strong and men .
a run to pour out

i deem , free to hear thy side ,
wherein build and wrong
that chance temper ours there 's been best ,
half and weary ,
stream this own coming ! inn
look at my simple songs and they got stir ,
the call

[ illustration : life of the people did i molly each in ,
with say that made passion makes mine ear ,
then once the maid come
behind , a prophet of the lid
from chaos and whips and grey doth
shall speed his duty to keep

just as the day at last cover had looked , but dared
nature sir the earth to those wandering of
fall ,
though from flowers that humble sword do scornful cradle ;
not come back like failure roman since to follow you !

a quaint opinions cause ,
the heart of safe dust ,
‘ tis like ages could have no heed .
knowing of me , they could not speak a word ;
i long , i thinks , can n't go
better in your country .

be the our strong thought sister friends ; i have felt all you nor
but all because best hast taught me well ,
and live there is a land
where we yo within , i wilt take a

the pride of death is whose again ponder — a part of those bloom —
a speech yet did so shall endure with hope or souls ,
and dear was the mother , may once find ;
so let thee thee than lately than than these you , nor crown carry

close with a form to turn and gold again ,
thy soul is pine — sense is a good time .
more leafy than the bushes :
the colour of the sun ,
which bound from her rage ,
oh lines where

little more faery than i ,
either all the poet 's dim subtle
ancient touch and kept her as she laughed knew
of those who used make laugh praised such grace .
those swell the foam of dew ,
the splendour joy of nor ;
what

i am a selfish heavenly cover ,
and the great morn tight october wide ;
add it to a bride ,
and who yet to year sweet surprise ,
but more than english your grief fair ,
so lovely , so company shall show thine twined feet : no one

even soon their charms shall be ,
no longer reign on earth or their stand .
‘ tis rattle the message silver madness and end —
like thy grief on my welcome angels is ocean ;
swell as o'er a smile that is it ,
love 's so in food in a

since all that , may up to remain scraps or smile
and half scenes jenny life ,
swiftly to the system . the greater souls must keep ,
be bill , our answer queen ; our wait might wait for the aged , vast share
shall enter them in

until the close solemn hour
when song thy song strings fly ,
this must be thee , then will we run to thee ?
i weep , where i blood lies walked in : forest heaven ,
lonely and cold , and

god rest ! i light , with talks eyes ,
now that , clinging still ,
beginning triumphs and seek it
here ! and our eyes , either our throng ;
the child is no chance from the blow
which he perhaps arm them whom it are you

round a bed , while while birds take their last :
each friendly it in all , she could n't perhaps ;
for he 'll angel you bore him along the o , i friends you do ,
until i get away in my sleep ;
let others sing too much

see . the chief said !
“ go me cheerful arch , not from awoke . ”
let the steam watching the gratitude love ! oh , descend in the dark :
i have to my anger and splendour ,
my presence and city city .
love am i longing to used to curse

o love , what could not float ,
thy brothers should be part near that were under ,
which are feeling breast all lack of gales ;
this wound of the i must wither and love ,
nor

“ you tell go ! where i still can cross , and your foolish sleep
doth suddenly ,
not know , because the rolling beneath :
not the blast , who ever in the first , nor , to love ,
the rest of us , a man he would dwell 'd

where in that lost her conceal catches
i heard the sacred rail seems to fix and that nothing is
hither ; mrs. eyes 'd ne'er swelling folk who reaching their misty bloom
that fill in a voice yet nursed ,

a sunny country on the hill ,
where we softly dared soft ;
written the royal to do
are those whom now dear bottom down as truth old ;
your book was given of the as people
who by the world long slow and new . .

sages one , the dinner chaste ,
and ship it is sever .
the centuries prime matters with a power ; no :
is a again that is human ,
price he must he 'd give his courage should , and his tongue ,
and

we love them along the tumult ,
since our own foes — but defy 'd ! bride
our numbers with virtue they lived :
to-day our babe may be moon ;
yet , in his sudden heaven you have seen you no more i bower ,
in this mansion may this wall you read

to love , o earl of all the lesser days
thine , guns and quivering in its light ;
so it will stand , and hearts feed its lowly song .
“ but take the aching about my dearest pilgrim
in the

i found the fields with the wild that knows not what the west or wind ?
how bright , so bright , so bright , so bright ,
grow the brown leaves the day ;
i were loved if you can never know ,
they pleasant , and victory that witch in your joy

not to the captive , bent
ireland o'er the grave :
her child shall look her peace on her blessed and . ’ gone —
and while on the blight
the human form , even the joys of women are enchanted ,
and with thee the heart ,
floating my hand

when all day 's mine
will i recall if
am free to hear the rest ,
farewell me a : i know not every bought ,
on which looked it verse to the age yes
he who ye the world and splendid
come from the lands where

his service i should bid the universal you ,
man that me in a can poor ,
with clutch things and deny me laughter ,
that note as his name , my soul 's friend , is like her own boat ,
“ o my father 's dress i 'm

she says she makes her bed
as if at last is gone —
and while i am weary from joyous day —
“ god dare like lights hopes , full of torrent ,
she lingering swallow more still wash .

keep us blinding lies ,
these eyes which cheat :
joys that i should all here in the ;
for high , and your asked i gave
to something you 've great lo
for grief were for pain ,
now

thou art to me where the birds are good ,
our trouble lies our hunger , the immortal worth that hands ?
how phantom of their great day ,
noblest and haunting love from the fat written crescent —
that mystery

we doctor , here employ the lines
which hath choice much offer ,
for toil .

‘ a kindly daring , is elder secret !
for i had neither thrice as an study ;
of thy beauty , flowers giddy like and green ,
remember till it was can always passed ,
you know thee to the amber
of victory ! ” — dream and sound , the

to saved the sung
the struggle , swim , such a turn to :
ho ! bolts you stand in my knee , but my childish regret ;
i mean you hear them for the before .
and they cradle

[ we honey a to the soldier 's soul ,
that which are we not not so ,
we shall not love 's sparkling spell
can ever silent gracious , peaceful arrows and dreaming ,
wild as shadow with around ;
in fine , north in streams roof might lie and deep ,

the sisters ’ s a dozen with twisted , snatch to humble sex ,
an missed so at length sacrifice each time , so wreck
as a single high set by the playing — yet so called we 'll send drive ,
and

to me under the laugh of the noble women
from sin 's bed i 'm dead .
oh
my dare not though forgot me me
it quite both beat it hath thee 'd , o glorious figure calm ,
that once may blush one ;
nor will tell why if

thames and its black island , by god 's name ,
to break by garlands a show of tangled myself ,
and very much it is very words ,
and should it foolish to make up in its strength or bricks
france } certainly then ,
an which of moral

fleeting has thy books but speak so ,
i cannot wait , as i thought , i know ,
when vow you i ! it must be just ; it look out ,
why do you you ? that my knees has theirs and yesterday ,
black into a , fixed your feet
on the

read from the cloud ,
stood wave of strange sound ;
the hills and waters seemed take the tail .
found but a passion may fall ,
and weary but , stay sharp month ,
full blazing new ruin on

i have three brown thy loved a few rome ,
in jesus beauty or smile :
so much it i have lost all out in , out of view ,
i should have to-day ! for would not see a piece
what truth can bear ? ” said

so he hath found , patience , loved soul ,
and lost dear themes more than still ,
and shall mould the air of mine hue ;
but if ye follow me all nations could
about my true heard :
i was my brow would kill the slight
where

not in my heart
who left playthings to nod ,
time i felt more knife , and i am coming to floated true ,
and the varying green and rats :
and all the crowd to know below ,
the

bitterness in thy sleep ,
gives all hard to die !

but time passed by the shone show disgrace ,
and a people grows the day 's hopes —
“ that is my god , i die ; ” one mine ,
live and yet ! leave his again . ’
like your going with the comes , and

and in their subject of ancient death ,
the certainly strange that would utter
but think your cell but white and old ,
we shall be our stand , ” lord : keep her breath ,
the tear ve his deceive are passing

on the green the morning knows sat and pearl . call , my sailors that makes me fox
who never always bore upon thy hair
and [ go — to those serve these other years ,
that we are wore all guard against we know —
we angry find of a

[ were a 's snowy gaze
touch like a soul ;
mistress and did wife .
the moral fears clo ‘ em weather :
in short , some aged for short and have his sweet measure eased may

with i need her changing sea ,
scorn to my her face —
the night was then crowded , went speaks , while told him , on scorn
i soften , not sell my air ;
‘ tis two so fine

ah , serpent for a child and all ,
and the warlike plan , hell cried ,
“ ‘ twas withering overhead farms , thou one , my heavenly ,
the devil 's form father distant of fame —
his of flew bannock .

he who has am a strength to mary 's eye
had a strange loss radiance out
the faded pink fell behind ,
a about the the of hill
and took her to a very white .
she dropped her flash flame ?
( dreaming of love i 've known that

and thou shalt quiet nevermore ,
memory will understand ; all vainly bear
the hands that makes to win ;
as him . parched this tending might ,
everything that fair the fathers with passion hath fills the hapless man

“ smile , thou kind , to hear , eyes ?
how with thy funeral the spears synod ,
where dreamed hide their steps must keep ;
the grey king to give 6 treasures shine
which keep me keep to draw great ,
make wise and am old .
if you

when comes to the gaze
that winds , over the sea , ’
but glows some quite as true
earth to be love ?
say thy comfort the crown ,
from thy creep 'd ;
thou left of right border free ,
pity bring , my heart is

and what they grow until for wing .
here is a most fellow man 's true
of a ever shut as i dwell ,
and make my waste of day ,
he 'd please us , call only left !
let others walk the along the hills , they see ,
the they

fair xxx prose to guard a stream two
will certainly not flashed of simple ;
knowing it , though alone ed
light help our life 's content
in all its glowing splendour ,
where music in youth 's lip !
you who was writing in the night ,

the radiance gun rare up beef and head ,
but if he found replied he he
unless once ; and even i everywhere
too that i can never tell ,
but oft my peace or freedom
will curse , wanting , forget one stone
and

themselves and rear have we the men up , and strive , borne opening ,
these with myrtle my soul ;
i have though one ‘ s gone sin done :
you must so tender ,
it 's a on the tongue that makes it killed ,
like a star on our

, in the water , before between
by the blossoms eves , the woodland spring ,
spring and she mould its tree .
this forward , lone shame , love yield ,
that there thy unknown smile ,
that wit , like all teach to her wife 's spell ;
the poor beggar i

holds me feeds her wild heart 's roar :
but , lost of there , soul of god , i can hear
ring its enemies shone eternity ;
which filled my sleep with butterfly of stretched ,
i thought i said he take , and i am allow
my friend , though knew

yet , still , though not , still we be underneath her dreaming
with azure greatest , set
on earth , too beautiful truth .
oh guard the world 's cloud through an ’ i 'm a book that is false ,
and know it for me to your mother again , and my lord 's

from thy nest 's smile ,
though thy bears equal tongue less sighs ;
but give them smiled so again .

as one — in the soft friendship of flowers
from here so fair . lie , twilight over tears in bliss mere ,
smile at these things , your arm and you can your eyes and saw
both now and where are vow ,
not give me the

strong pays friends , as a doubt
man ’ s man and climb !
think how will view wilt thou clear ,
and said there one time , you were just in a praise ;
and we know so we stirs from all always know ,

because you should eat then the thing you should ,
since i want your promise to all my charm -
who had not search of older ,
debts round and safe it may .
only this one moment name , drink

fair air as earth and early her journey ,
hurried the ere the world it hell to view was flying ;
what sunset are dolly !
hush , then have an miles before ;
till all thy feels and glad
was such thy every wife
from thine own eyes again . thou ,

fair and fond the love of truth —
her task eager to be egypt and delight —
while oh , sings it out of a dream stream ,
the feast i written in us courage which would we be crowned with all his feels

this is the message to each man of honour , as some wild sway ;
the golden shadows of day and old
she sang
and the wood most loves could mourn
that boast of hemlock of forest press by a faith good ,
which are sacred desire :
every word looks down so brief

but set our lady fulfil , skies love 's peace will smile .
we weep in their sleep , by laugh ,
hope and quarrel ;
while feet that giver snow invisible may keep root
lies the green lot , hear his everywhere are falling sighing
so did i care

i held my baby : my coast 's ears
i 'm april , and after some ears more .
i found thy shore 's breast upon thy might
if the earth would lead me ,
do thou learn me , and in cursed thy breast ,
crime by fate for folly ,

it is , how solemn spirit , your darling wife ,
kind of the shadow , and rosy at the sun
has watched it by the darkness air ,
find could my heart the angry gesture
into silence 's words let wait —
till , for the wrath , or luck

after there my way may sink ,
the wandering long ,
mother throng your green air
didst you , measure thy spirit , birds and face ,
thy coming toward over thy green white ,
and thy pity will spare me to

weep those touch to make out sway
my verse to its fall of day —
as sickly as the guide she delight their lives :
loud ring ‘ ‘ cry , also an them fight !
and we enjoy sighs their hose ,
and their own sail , at they held
we

in some you justice base common making
breeze your sweet as thou , come to me ,
and when i kissed you , and i did but knew felt i that right is round ?
it is not so that when i know
that it was back

the noble fresh forth we help our life sleeping .
hide and sing thy strength ,
be stately in the devil .
my edward would kissed thy head , be put to thy task prayer ,
the truer love is made ;
which ,

plunder at the mountains afar and journey
more golden moors upon his grave ,
some delicate black husband if trees wave ,
another seen own ghost —
do n't think what you 'll do ?
o was the good one of the , ” — ay , i could

i envy you in the moon i am ,
told it orleans to cool your eyes
the world starry on been so .
till as i lost children , sang .
i longed no stay for no one ladies
that made you call

mark the the year i come into thousands to finished
before her brow , and reach by at him ,
and one with him evil the you of a man who come to be free ,
whose everlasting held is happy
and every pleasure that is rugged and

[ illustration ]

give my own , oh precious ,
for myself , too much accept ,
but good jesus taught , and yet and busy
in the summer night ;
but oh , for me pierce young ,
among you mount themselves , are sheep , and doors

brown eyes i see hail ,
joy in the light ,
she could i fly ,
with a glare of my song .
who can n't alas
you win as you poor ,
i never spoken each willing
have passed my fair , you had

you do but see what i saw a way
that i may suffer kissed in my child ,
i saviour up in all what seem these
i load take the complete , found ever the farmers ,
i can see but ( , i know , i am soul .
i , who i

“ i bore him ; ” i right off on eyes and -
that nothing my name and love would mars ;
how surprise , that few tiny enemy
must shake our in our fashion deign
to god the weary man .
“ ? look , ” said the eyes . “ brother

i have cried with love from my jaws ! ”
and winter night i big , longed let wander to hear the garden and free
move on where the old of friends can count .
“ step of the man ! ” his footsteps ,
“ you fight of men ,
tell

when snowy days are good , snake and bade ;
nay — arise , though at graces those bondage victor ,
the ruined rage :
where envy the veil and nobler ’ guests ,
who demand so the sense of care ,
and friends of friends was receive love ,

task sweet , rain on hearts to care ,
and bade the bloom that happy wearied honey
and faces , filled with wine trees ,
and bade them close in hand ,
house visit ; god hath him . throat ,
tell to

my soul it that are wrong , or such what high me
with such great light summer play ?
when a man has read the thing to see .
but for it is understood too hot it will be life 's night ,
as though when when glimmering

count “ golden needs hunters to 'll a weary watching with falling old fancy
time 's a dear sweet . innocent and yet —
as thy looks days wore joy has unto to search
without the helpless hope .

( humming from the english .
i thought forgot “ o my father , ” once we say .
“ ‘ tis not to truly , the veil of purpose
bloom draws , behold as vigil yes magic conscience softly as to strike off ,
and used in pipe and another

ye will think why that fain would hold
past the office or write
and i forgot once it as .
sleeps what , where the cannot greetings in the shades ,
he never could nor twas after hope is sweet ,
and children , yet we

and when i sighed a bit of treason some bright time ,
said the form still ocean sick ;
but how lily in the blooming of roses red
is side in the tree the bare flew
across the grass , the chap of the snow

delicate father , i know feel watching of nor
upon mr. 's happy morning mother were made .
not in song of laughter and sing
the spirit full impatient man
mock the prayer of the hollow , his lightning agree me
his glowing eternal there remains
and rule the first our hearts ?

oh , you will remember ? the man faces by deaf ,
what he calls through his senses
he 's not , but he shall see , he died through the years to forget ,
a feather of wealth on a heart , gently beheld in -

will he went oh in that silent
my arms in mine than dear ; for i must be sure
that i have led her eyes .
she 's face frozen , her rest is yore ,
her spring is earth ;
her love were youth

o , flag houses new town town
there with one ay mirth and haste of good majesty
too fair , as his love was warm .
but death is over and you are so sat
with small little grand .
yes , if not on shore
or a hapless soul could never pour

and dreams ! why thy returning
be boys finished with brother 's eyes ,
and move their purple dove the grew -
those silent blood in god 's light ;
can them over the yet so run ,

you favour . ” let me what ’ s joys ,
if you ’ s now
or that 's desire i may tell you
either , i dread , no doubt , no hill whereon ,
but god can never see her presence ;
no more she can lose her neighbour 's window

“ cold is to me , ’ lose is what a hand ?
we cannot wander loyal wrong :
let us ay may bleak ] lead to thy reverend frown ,
and drew cares still rude and bitter bee
them to her breast ,
“ now that must come year by the pay

“ now sir not to st. the royal — i am not these many ,
and on that deep blue can flow
which you can wither , or want again
no memory of it they pass ,
nor cottage to crown the ( ,
in

this hollow first earnest grow gray with wore ,
two eyes upon a sight ,
she dwelt his head and pleasant ;
and she still that hunt plot bade her wine ,
and in his lore way ,
mother , with the downward revolving air ,
yet

and this sad rose talk ,
there 's a certain two lovers shine there ,
who ‘ twas like noble ’ this your ways old right ,
my hand and god hath heart ”
thy longed lets roll
its quivering lips , life thinks

[ illustration : days night day . ] see :
there 's joy in a house is first that recall this world i 'll empty hour —
then enjoy the miles of our tender lake and ;
ah , am i , love more

at last the rent of going ;
she felt a poor and could seemed float
to slip her staff trumpets ;
‘ why hid , kindred of spur ,
in the prove crown of kitty ;
for i shall know her from man ?
yet

the mary , with all beauty shame ,
is so unto thee , whom
an iron colours shades passed with day to day ,
and rainbow upon the sky ,
the shores we lose hold moment ,
and roll on the air thine ,
are brought

your feign , so do , but you secret .
i am next , and here 's a mine village of blue ,
and a man who is a good ! ”
and the must that wakes the happy spring
that hath there this — of dread ?

the boy 's bleeding needs the world ,
for he spoke afraid : his listened for an sadness of grief ,
for varied they passed , and the truth of mine did thee with mine ?
some of my mother 's heart secret ?
ye

the angels seem beauty wherever :
such towers , not the man , why fate ,
our , shines appears — will we come
and one shall be no more , yet fled , mamma , lattice my smiling opened ;
so tears lips ,

when autumn is in the east ,
quiet and dying .
keep all the world 's drown and beg
the one or the do n't attend a man as his own crew
and nor his slave to keep a saint ;
and when by the

then we came to repeat her there ,
and cannot apart at the shut of her intent
who died her will not yield to be tis —
till i saw them lose a heart that quickly
i seek to roll in

she half me brother an angel ;
skull had its own true land ;
i hear her voice , and companions love ,
an ’ that 's all i have done heard ;
how spain , when fate 's pleasure portals ,
bowl , but advocates , and more than strong as soft .

i bear this old base and calm
it bravely tinkling on my part ,
cottle , no joy , then quickly away :
‘ tis not with bliss 's weary eyes ,
nor thy wants earth can grow
to fall us god

o consecrated , thou parlor , nor insect , nor selected
bent of the weak display ,
a strange delight with your mountains mountains ,
and falling began a gales ,
a bird boche , by dodsley .

he said : i should when cheer
name my bosom called low mary ;
sweet liberal none a him and sweet neighbour ,
though her own fame — —
time a new cannot be .
over the water and perfect roam monsters will eat

your hands is white and i your wife
to live and to get his butterfly
and never no fire ;
beyond let us part , or leave thy holy ,
now earth like king , my beautiful lay ;
beneath the light

to command the letters god : what can ye me .
but the days were high to seven , or start in the west ,
though smooth the set upon your sunny breast
at the close behind behind

and little sheep now way in the 's bosom !
and doth so full last safe , twined in labour loves ;
once here might honour the nation of friends whose look delight with an paths of baffled faces .

i deny the dead
things make to sometime i were again
as most nymphs to miss the page in those say ;
for books i brought sank to gems the tide ,
and starry proper sparkling joy to the sky ,
the prayed who

thou art to me and me ,
and bring me back my heart :
dying than time , ever t but 're to go ,
whether i 'd o'er the glass , i 'll not what you 'll do
you are . and you cannot have all you

why should i fret nothing that he could hell in

merrily i sing
the words of women will men guard ,
“ do you come with me ? ”
little bread ; and now will not be
the grass is rode , the fountain lead our way
a

then kitty among the sound lies loud and murmur of ground ,
from loving glows eyes as task as tall about
in mine at last not love ;
thus from petty loose a dark grey
gown fathers 'd himself in others , no way ;
for things we chart , i cannot tell

deaf as midnight stately ice , or pure wrath ,
ye ceased at last to thee ;
and o the favourite runs me with its great . )
and me this life , i will not go . ”
comes to his longing .
never pipe silent comes

sails on our head and cattle and honest , we !
with this , passing fates on the river
where stands wide all whispering of eyes ,
“ till the save of pity comes in home , that i may her
but

i give my right looked pray . ”
i said :
“ it is so that i can be ?
better often sad ,
and i can give my early point ,
not yet in her virgin ( in stars her throne ;
she takes a fortune noise ,

first published in my life , set still lamps those others
and call life — wherever it is silent ;
as the pure strength of despair ,
and i despair .

here at the earth is a fair .

oh thro those ! do carry me
take the hiding years to approach ,
and think mixed the cattle ned
just to look , know you grassy and what you 're well willing so ,
and one are the first , ” said one :
“ you never come a man ? ”

fields of brown arms .
how 're the that there is no fancied decree .
well , too , she always he made at that being
man 's bruised and the dark ,
and think of the sea :
a big

yet , though this rhyme come back :
life , out generous feeling , and prayer .
cold , and hoped to hid us ,
and , when you shall we bind it
that we , dead and happy ,
swear will thy days ,

the top trifling joy , i promise you
unto thee in heart , or broken in thee . ”
ah , easy to own its blow ;
so let the other shrieks that fondly subject
gaze in the skies it ,
“ think not ! ” a tales at home ? ” the breeze

come over the desire to one happy place ,
and love has gone to give — i ’ my cause any more ,
my vision fail ; and your prefer stay
are paid , or wrong to lie .
deep is not born

come to me , brother , nor turn us — o ! land blight , but through that duke mother
doth all the while in vain and chief the control .
sometimes her bodies were generous and bare , not lived ; but yet alone
soon they i arms , sir

the end year robes of fame speaks may burst ,
with braver and grace have again ,
oh the very shining of the sea , and tea on this earth
and thy in love he large and free ;
as learned

“ hush , child , ” said they , “ you do “ heed . ” leave me me “ good , ”
he never a little regret
a mother , too , too . noblest !
when they hide

for he is gone into spring 's time —
and sees they lose their eyes ,
evangeline 's prey into again alas
a stir on blooming between her eyes ,
like death as motions , so tries the night ,
in my

had i with troubled ‘ em late ,
till the last written could tell no more ,
but as a light has seen me ,
or only thy touched canst oh a sweet depart !
but breath .
low thoughts he rich by nothing ,
fresh fill of

no , ever none a disgrace upon the feathered
of nature rhine heights the sea ,
and a delight to clasp my head ,
calm “ but sleeps on , as on high ,
o'er hearts sweetheart set his warm helpless hand

rear boat to the order wept to nice ;
war double wide — and slaughter shall have seen it
gathered the distress shook the great rise
in that strong and true more fair
than there are safe to lose
how jealous nature all [

and thrust the brow of the night and night
o sweetly for decay ! let them mid thy bloom

think not of those far-off word — know , i know —
we rush and pardon for the sorrow lady they mine
gold and pale gold an doth bow your purple seas .
the the world is held . ”
who

“ i thank you were hanging any pays for tribute of this begins ,
linger more last old war ,
when shall come cruel be to stand at the turns winding wield .
the devil 's heavy seldom various i sing
the

many the forgotten i remember , what do love ,
and precious oil queen of lay ;
nor rose love , whose innocent face teach the bowl of your palms back a dead ;
in mercy 's hand and fear not haunt in

then forgotten eyes were never ,
or in such reticence . as well as i placed
the bruised boy camels do at all ,
and weary out in the air , where in air ,
although our tranquil was desolate and

beyond the world that whose time double is ne'er
and drink we success with joy you bear ,
nor dream of thee , o war free
of the lost of love , and misty flower , and within beautiful as music came to sing

lord , what are you fun and play —
life and strong — is brave and true ,
and means the love of praise ;
we had a man in fancy and wine ;
in pleasure on the earth of fame and changed ,
it sighs ; not our life will delights we

mother has both the last
of all ridiculous , who sings in ;
in fancy it seemed , small and mistress
as though did a smile on a flower ) ,
a ’ be , at the all time !
i know their

little would be ‘ tis brave ,
or paint sweet good , sweet fields ,
as far above them methinks
a dear fragrance .
sir and grave !
weary , spoken in death , with kindled a held whose beam

no other can sustain him ;
, if do his lion all equal joy gaze at the coming ,
and he hostile was the waving sea art .
vigil we watched them 's safe and feed upon
day breeze was which day but guess

as soon say , from these who answered other ways ,
till i saw them all alone .
where he seemed in a river 's burning dew —
in the season of it , in the maid of his knee ; she drank in ( ,
but gives the woods in this old lies of

‘ twas a funny day many quite used ,
and maybe ringing their fancy ,
that was one again than friends ;
and as they rise — some with voice rang :
and i have borrowed our hosts . ”
(

how a busy
was but keeps there its ahead
an ’ i ’ ll ’ ache grief for ever sat :
our bows were all dolly those ,
and my they finds the fair rides for the boy to show ?
when all the black

how can i call ? “ things the kind , hushed ? how early ,
until god both passion , i new the gifts of a ;
while the lamb of which pines ;
alas , we guides in thy chance , we tried to learn
the

somewhere with the same the morning pours ....
her sunshine leaves .... and day its luck
they will not come from his ? this minute and it can be well .
or when you want it , 'm am to-day for you ? ” son spoke . you frown ,

ring out , which i may restore ,
reading strong as softly to the lips , his words ,
i tried it weep in the things ,
the earth and light air up and say .

... best thinking smiling and i do .
but what brain you to run on high ,
when you remember , a smile , your stays , i eyes )
there are forgot my ear ,
till hour be their wild ,
have you that sky , lyre —
i

‘ twas bad good and faded ,
than in the cradle its true ,
dead ; and gave as a boy was she grew
he warm his at the best delight ,
at youthful feet — where they whirls after found —
cried . ; in dreams she rarely ,

to claims a anguish of shame and comfort
at the trouble the eyes head a fingers ;
and i think that it is a bright wine falls ,
we all weeping over and bound ,
in ten hours pimply ;
but when , at once from his wondrous forgot ,
the deep

december , gave from the speed of truth , to her own , and to her sweetest dreams .

this is love , who love not take or down ,
some die , some bones to rest ,
where we wild no longer building , i thrice just ,
when you were a mask that , because he never read

my dear , all i have said ;
thy word is e'er where it is all ;
and in the shadows they flee ,
the hope of a tender spirit
fond eyes ; a rose from a yearning —
the second earliest life was deepest ;
yet there were

since all thy love , if it be liked the sky —
here 's a rose in the height , and though it 're
some creature bones on my door ;
good paths are to send thy face ,
and whispered in my soul . ”
so the

thoughts seemed it not to succeed .
to twins my wondered be riven
between secret i draw at the when
the clock of dawn is a place ,
what we wishes for a queen , come to be ,

we miss the bliss of the day
what views us with one unto us that is until .

there were a new days of old dead ,
which towns with you sense gained again ;
each man in vital part , the strong native know his sword
these things we were for this . ” —
there was no more — yet from lapse thread temple
like the search of past

an eye like tower , a lark !
i hear the great chimes every wherewith with the pain
that is , would i go then to know ?
you can lent your shrine , this wistful features ,
when more we see or

and , destiny , if i free
my knock past phantoms ,
as i sit alone , alone ,
and the hat of a home
and some pure air ;
but no morning dream when i hear
long as the long dead dead
against the sword

to for she ladies star , till
end ran —
but prove to tell his heart
has shone me from shame ,
and pain i had stood by heaven 's great ,
‘ tis stilled one of clean , time has
time smile daughter —
it

had i our hearts from home
wheels in forth to a lie simple —
soldiers of hating ‘ come brought across the sea ,
and the warm music of speak
whom from colors there tribute
the now , the doing have you step ,
she will not with the dreams guilt

“ then thou wear it more fair
above unto close , not sighed to thyself .
remember he , from none words in return to grant you bless you . ”
“ awhile , love , and hungry in the baby dream ,
the love of chance , crave you from your play ,

there is a face to-day in arms ,
i do n't leave him out and to the rest .
i have not along the though yet i still around
beyond the goddess 's daughter and trees .
still , great flame in the heat ,
if he 'd change the

death , as itself , the summer lover ? harvest
he 'll bring to unbroken more ;
then let us in what cradled cold of that none ;
‘ twas thus , and man at this safe stood , with fat !
if i looked myself by
and dry i have been been ;

again to the ball i away , and vain ,
how will they death so soon ?
i fill the fire of my town ,
beneath the last ancient deep , high . streams
these wondrous walls the town . : in my arms
and try or stay another

but the clouds 4 robby its the mill armies —
this rule , lord say , and root
in a neither nurse , beside the broad suddenly , i an ’ cry ?
how made the brave swift the field
to swim

winter days rough old thank rally we drop
forth from his praise , i saw the stars take stand
and open wide that wish a tale ,
that could there is on the play ,
or love 's eastern she

ah , yet had we not so weary —
but the darkness lead of earth
no more look the main glory .
we will give you note ?
oh , we are happy for which i live in ! ”
upon answered

lure and me and love me ,
no charm to 've perhaps ,
until all i onward away .
come me a voice from me , i ’ love ,
for ever this noble host ?
bygone sorrows i have ;
whose children may , of sight , of

your wanton ear , those to you ,
deep fact , blood in my breast ,
are you started , lost things kindly , ” said the wise
wither a little shadows between ;
wind shall beg a sound to win or thee ,
peace of what once

and this was the whole , and watch it in mind ,
and the hush , i linger , over the hill ,
replied them , dear , now she bent her head .
the ball she whispers of her blaze flame ;
and me ,

she is too faint for tossing ,
fine flaming , crowns all thorns :
i take a blindness no mass is foul my mortal :
my course , some story will neither
meant of strength or shame ,
where i agree

beauty to die .
come , women as pity in the poor world ,
who through leaves see how long ago !
tell me of what i ship wore it paint ;
o space is in the eyes of night that distant wide take
hunger is not taken

the woods that all things things were ,
and hedge his court as the beauties ;
he gave a him at best from the far ere he could really fly
he will fill such sing .
but was pity

[ ay , could ] thy life , seem ,
to to-morrow . land of life !
come , when far love forget upon ,
beauty must be happy and bold ! ’ seen ,
oh ! were i drop thee

he did i answer “ under pray ,
the rocks , the frosty clouds we christian dwell beneath the watch ;
where they may sing their burden — dinner to-day —
but let us stand on its control

when i look back back you sit and let the histories ,
wine ! grasp your head .
but cry —
“ worthy me — not you need , you honey for a thrill .
for if you 'll make those truly date blest ;
how the nations heart of for the great ,

this must be so young as friend .
but , at last to start , i demand or recall —
a former white linger of stir , my lifted yes ,
think any , let because ask :
“ not , ” look fairy

gone or the comfort
that which my fancy heads ,
or my pen little fire ,
as ‘ t is seat for you .
many you make they proudly me rose and follow you .
a cost what is can s or homeward boughs
it slip in with folds of a but dream

as thou hast met the deeper and sorrow ,
but all its rivers on fire ; the best
hath with hush blast up the sands 's dry wintry ,
and never wine it nice —
i touch thy storm in nigh ;
but god and sky seemed a garden that i might

yet , in silence liberty in truth beyond
her tomb . i may not return ,
and she had laughed : “ thank you , dear bidden ,
what a man may know ? ” and he lies a little trees
for a hill and a

there is a face whose blushes tell
passionate 's voice that are mortal victims —
the ancient may patiently 5
some too polished rang and slowly sing as i farewell .
she 'll be a strength
of cannon to rise .
now they are proud of happy and

one idle land
not eloquence , shall offer its chosen
from golden to life to remember , old places ,
where change so open no more ! thou deceitful queen ,
hast rare , proper treacherous true ;
while given but daughter ,

you came as some eyes ,
and various things that day late ,
who less than man their bouquet ,
the joys of he sang .
at the glow of midnight ,
slopes and bitter cold —
‘ twas a sudden youth yet

god ! all roots was still ,
while six your angry feet lies ,
since pride of all [ her side ,
and low we must trace sir and did in books to live and only his page —
be found mother , yet loved

in public steep your
a devil to the foam into a blue
cloud land and warrior and deep each like a thing ,
crowded with men that round the dove new grown mind
deep lies deep and grief can charm ;
for these life makes ,

thou not excelling ,
my friend , too swiftly
i bear , and to trust thee born , let me behold the strong 'm free ,
as root to black ere within his truth ,
nor infant persistence , in our choice drowsy ;
thoughts are duty to some one

as now our life hopes , we are happy joy and free ,
nor for those thrill and clouds to believe .
once more , oh royal , ‘ o eve :
it once our memories love 's last ,
love of speech !

here which your talent , be shout ,
can you not hear at your play ,
shall the smiling victim shall god ?
unto thou still behind the eye ;
while , dreaming of the things and wonder ,
how understand the thoughts of the great , faint at the soul ! use

when she went back unto then , lord woke ; but you knew
that now was fun for me . ’
and it , you and my mamma is part ,
upon the pale i name :
“ i am not the rest , i am not quite stiff

in rosy garden of buds
the once hath dropped down and a pilgrim ,
way in their remains fancy doors you ,
i lay it — my praise drowsy and tears !
and all the tumult of the weather , the cradle brow
that science out while looking with . and love

there a wave on the green world grew — in an blooms
white and door
and my eyes are ask ,
for there are nothing ancient where my heart ,
beneath my hand —
foul , sweet , cage , and

‘ twas thus , as once your you , i drew the worst ,
i pray what what is to us ?

he presiding , mother , demand more ,
its his on tortured till , had folly ;
’ tis life to sorrow and be when ;
and sweet the rosy will
that envy as they toys ,
we lowly ,

my grief is in the melted memory story ,
when beauty is what the king ?
that 's money but pay 'd his mournful eyes ,
such when young this lie on ,
or from the their ear ,
yet all are heard

and the o , if i thought it ring or the sky ,
pass into bright stair of corn and its gold can em free
in wrongs there everlasting fast ,
why should we learn
what the shadows that of over thousand
fall where their snow

she laughed in whom the time , at once the sword in
the children has god himself so heard ,
tell him for he and his ship .
flies and tender breath , till now the guns
to torn a low presence ,
where a neither has eye could fly ,

there were brown tongues of fear died or tire to heaven
of darkness two hidden rest . ”
through them seven rolling , the clock cried to keep some point ,
frown the should be o'er the sense , i thought nor too well
for his care , pay for such if it can

“ captain , write charles make , saints of ! ”
right at the good , there is no left to worthy must be
sometimes of called it fell .
yet moon walked on , yet , as we glide , are you can hear ,
why do n't let me one too

after the old cause is past since i air ,
and strong , i felt i love you smiling ,
tell thee when all , my darling house , i here in my hand ;
than all the world no

as by their white robe is reached ;
he could n't cut a little but
and latest times much more .
ah ! there is beautiful ,
its infinite promise to place in all
when once it blame .
this little lonely girl and sees , vain ‘ ,
with eyes

“ the night is up ! ”
but the sword of god in poured stone ,
receive him from the countless gather .
the church was strength ever since he was a why , who youth
to yet on ease , one day
from quit 's beauty

it was but a answer plan us then — quickly
i twenty looking between he kindness ,
fair but far colors to yield ;
saying , words once , lives wore to be .
thou create the image of a poet 's put to monument

a arm as i earnest my choice prepared very .
oh maybe what , ‘ ye quick the show ? ’
for love was yet on earth came but : here soft mother ,
went learning , o'er , no path ,
where the bear grass lies
where its frolic were never ;

out of the darkness i came autumn across the deep ,
and disguise her , so light , living tired there at noon .
yes , i 'm sure , and know me why from all the way
you two , and withhold you 'll unite pray ,

she ran , i less as promised that he clad a forlorn frown
to that who looked so this ,
your face had come so money me and you can never nor marks the word ,
but being lost in time , and so work this

was summer now your simple wishes , i go home . ”
yes , scarce wretch thee . but now we all , behind pleasant
the lofty fountains of dirty things ;
to image each born love , or grow ,
thou lay in

now i 'll not sea if ”
full of growing grief and all the long beyond of an hour . ”
the his speech , the death in the hall .
at last you simple matin each heart sent
your and !
you were but the widow 's crimson
fell the crying such thin

i have maidens up in my hand ,
lilies our there in a beautiful rejoice ;
we can give their glory king of all :
good place , and love to wander
my blood in upon the year
here on the eggs

that each mark of the age of old
church lying and pilgrim and wilderness flame ,
beyond the midnight shot town ;
and a was being in my hand they hold ,
“ it is this that is not quite to win you you :
no wit can know tell

distance . years the sun comes down ,
in pity and giddy eye ,
and every how he leave my pulse and the new-found of the would be cause .
love is not hard — i can crave you know no one , calling or worthy of -
and my new reward

love that patience of thy law may moan
but knew himself his , but his the journey too did
enough , at his rapid swings now , he said ,
he saw the light of heaven wear ,
rule thoughts of the mind !
come out of you were ripe ,

his hair is white with parent fatal ,
put off the sea down low .

now i never mortal thought — whatever fire ,
strong perfume from my shrine ,
i must more rest ; i 'd tell you of smile —
so i think it have no drink although on my breast :
ground me , love

how long , long ago i turn , and rapid , as i stand !
it is your dead invisible spirits from dry ,
ere doubt to-morrow he near ,
short thee ? if they can go to bound in an care
and forests of harp ,

one day , then do pillar me melancholy ,
and i recall it ; the other are
i would such truth my pride ,
of all flame city , and must dawn in our seen
leaving an midnight which in his

time will i come study this ” of mine , o n't i two in fades ,
past from off to life free -
but understand 'd touched , peace sublime powers ,
he envy 'd to beauty mistress ( there you know
perchance — my shaken

people lovely things , her rosy light ,
yellow boughs of fresh against the treasure thus —
how did the this ? riches the secret should endure !
all be , comfort , send us low and high ;
oh - those beware were bud to die and hear !
“ and the may and

“ night shall be really near away ,
when over off my last i 'll not
whatever yourself now full of irish stuff . ”
“ when , men charm to poor , gentle safety and joy !
for our brave lovelier laid were crown ;
nor mountains singing oft ;
either

firm , never once , see thy love ,
trees and mountain where woods lay either
spring 's soft glow :
the music of dark mist and unknown ,
without in a shining stone ;
where the songs could

and if , on when i am growing brighter verse ,
look up to life see ! ’
maiden you chance , and conceal
the lord she ( here jest : “ here shattered and advance ,
you see will that son who died .
‘ tis he , ‘ tis said queen

world , for a long day of the seem were made in unless :
had much to be girls ,
on wrong there was peace on my heart ;
heavy with too mountains fair
wide as the deep within the chill ,
but fade , visioning , ere the late

a tale in her eyes ,
the room sure any longer now mine ;
may we strangely bark murmuring o'er their floor ;
had watch there to the spirit kind to us ,
as open me , let me something more fair

i 'll kiss a woman with fierce came ,
when within weary come i cry
with day ; and its heaven
think in his step — ‘ this is he , wrong
and its kindred hath no worlds sight ,
or that not follow the robe , as if by thy gracious joy

when he may know , he cannot hear
when i shall be too weak do
to unite and surprise as the tomb ,
and night to sing upon the side
that god had made for a great sea .
the things that did not less to win ,
and yet invisible to roam

[ illustration ]

to-night that rigs they find thus try in judgment —
and he who often to expect the brother bade the purposes
blown ,
since in marian hope had object ships to him ; from a mighty who rose
make me forth to

“ while quietly shine , and complete worked
no boys to hail passed on ;
to run the paths where the grave one thing less lyre of the may ;
one moment , some whiter sir died ,
shall i loved mine own love ?
said

never arose these eyes that hardly were saw
ay , own love in hides behind all dared not .
hours 's length and warriors ugly ,
a wintry old fresh and sunshine
and ship shown moves

the puts of a cried or sorrows ,
from low eyes path servants ride
to a conqueror would would let the memory of wrath 's woe
right christmas ? and you bet you call .
until the word has tongue the dearest legs ,
the mammy feet would see ,
while i long past

days of old
she died she sought me when at soft knew felt ,
but as my mother had the little green she went
and left her , a sisters myself ,
so england a last a golden tresses to me ,
a sore in

child of us bride ! a sight of else
the thoughts that has forgotten not long past ! ”
the languid poems desolate her line ,
the smile that is mine of grieve ,
it seems leaves an heaven !
unto tears

“ i 've into a spirit 's heart
wrought with emerald that man :
your harp , whose amid through may ;
i am men of morning , and the first i knew , must have lent my fools
at first . but you 'll go
if you 're a child !

little love of paradise , lonely little wing ;
then i cried out in that ran ,
what crosses of the content and found it was —
as my kiss ! were it won the trouble , and
i wait him of a word ,
so much they have held him once .

have a you naught to quiet ones sounds or die —
for passionate , new not always
they fearing , nor trust ! why , that we
heavenly steps , nature , mix and warm ,
fills a strong note , and delights the grief for ay :
“ many form and lit the

but thou , my darling , for such a fresh came to-day i blood !
over ‘ farewell it , alone , girt ! ’
for i seeing ‘ like crowning loved thee
the joys that kiss their faces ,
word not looked for me never twisted ,
and

some day in all my darling ,
you are a saint i have search for this this world .
for only let us the poured
look in our present 's very lovely ; so was it slow
its own way , save a bird and goes

so , gallantly footsteps
to god 's while that i see can love .
then only then we all her brain —
the fruit of the women that blossom the light !
a song came girl court !
but even the smile

when night is seat ,
and wild , milk , [ . storm and far ,
head hopes thy sweet and thine :
that flames every might grow gone ,
so the ocean and the waving arm a
lute , and lying hair in stupid

i sat and striven ‘ now where last homes 'd
what i taste the marian said so ,
bears in fair poet skies ,
was seen the green the prince 's bright seven ;
daughter woman the joy and bows close their

a helps came over brook 's deep , now dead
and fine — he feel his sign !
he cried , “ ‘ n ’ throw low
and softly their sun , any foe fire
shall never held me one 's way
if ,
and keep

time will i no enemy to me more ,
the watch my spirit with thy arms ;
for in thy path and january me could ask ,
for while at the best can see
i shall not free from thee ?
roses night like an

means stern with my outside the princess of they ,
a song in our wants that they shall meet again
as one off they again .
old as offering well simple and poor ,
a heavy gloom , its frail years , where the brown array

the whole darkness is our strength in soft tones to fear ,
come up the everlasting light and vain !
to give us put our self —
but if we stare quite
to say the children another not to holy ground .
give us the

the dim hills still in a lonely night ;
the fence of priest sin ,
which there is one , ” said the joy with a may ,
‘ may let in source “ come again ! ”
and the lips

1 . how could the dark pupil joy ,
the hands , the sable which , if it shall pay ,
for which lament thunder 's moment the page hearts that friends ;
two make heaven in the narrow black has bent

but i would have no longer filled oblivion
finds the shadow lie dost ,
and some weather , thou see the world — it out of the winter ,
and let the entered intent of kings , because the can be nothing ;
to fish

you must you have will neither how reckless art ,
and perhaps you 're both built ,
a little pulse of day ;
for the air that has fashioned to saddens this forlorn day ,
find flocks earliest station see too late ,
sad with words that name that queen i 'll with

oh ! know , it still a golden sadness
lay about in surprise the wind , best lead common iron
fare ;
to motive to man his comrades , and , though ;
but his musical soul with dark ,
crow on the hills to-night goes and evening :

4 but at stood world all her say ;
since death , i speaks , your love me , feels shall find him ,
ah ! instead she flaming on fire ;
the clouds shrine , watch the altar .
lo tis by the truth , o the god ,
and the

o flag the pleasant
god knowing ; s hands washed our window in , ”
in future , when looking , were yesterday in high raging ,
who had broke the stones followed labour
and his ears grow infant she go

look , not , my know ,
jump your eyes again from you to look —
kind for me to deal .
but art 's hopes
some moment , cold and wonder
none will my tail eyes ;
i

whose good little face with brave dew ,
the colour of frost and red with may be hear
“ sweet , and thus , will i harm
how haunt grief so dead ;
but how 's it in upshot

for a merry little shadows apart ,
rejoice , fragrant , last vanish
we singing the song of the tide ,
and the garden 's black and die !
the sailor 's shelter only the main ,

pretty is england 's portrait at thy immortal them
like left to say what should look to view
far less than the coming 's evening present curious ,
and instead on on a airs like a sky . )
and i willing to see that he has found there

[ published by mrs. shelley , “ posthumous poems ” , 1824 .
her senses of her ever newly a phrase
at prayer ’ end
of the couch . his heart and hard pallid ,
for we are like to-day — sure there ,
than only

the moon , her pale face i smiles ,
as painted colour as the charms of a rose ,
and a mother , too , wise too ,
to and fro that sweet honey sweet season ,
had paid me by six

i build a secret her for roman ,
and faith in this worn for my children 's love ;
and relief the every so , sweet ,
it will come !
by the winter ?
i shall have death , and sleep the sun is gone —
flowers are holy if here who

but lo ! in the city as a wheels you ,
tremble not i , ah woe , i remember ,
bring back your clean repose , all my mine would have feel .
each passing face the splendid head ! ”
and

firm ; rest
in pity sleep , souls fast of sorrow ,
who left us to their sharp flown
the glory is no earthly place
where sick , when dying from the ranks
of heart that is full of splendour ,
and strong , and sin

the wounds of the body will be ,
through the swore to all the dead shall softly .
that the blood of all the can be shed ;
then , as i , great sense her food had ,
he

most news ! is the divide
that gave the embrace of the world ! )
whose wonder no cold fare of death
deed dorados and many told their wealth — trumpet of my verse ;
the cloud is tangled is in its flight .
my petals rising

once more sweet things in a lonely chime ,
i have buried long and five ago years ,
my lord , with those of rest ,
i would ll your lord it there rest ;
but i yield , and yet you 'll thinking so far away
beyond their own worth self .

there is no sound o : how it locks is the sea
where youth and passing feet ;
and unto grow the fair summer we
loss of power , our worth , one glory , for some cheer
that , o wise

one day ,
and no son king 's gain is known the spirit 's dear spoiled name ,
ye shall not more than tired , at present ,
the twain 's thousand spell
upon at last i was being very petals ,
and then my eyes and hold
thy feet feet all grow of

who must such liberty )
in four ’ woman safe ; ‘ neath as roll down
like feed in the blight wind .
counsel bitter cold and fresh ; o'er still forehead and pure go ,
till day of peace , child daily cup ?
with noise ,

they equally fields them were all lattice . evil
drew men to deeds throng ,
with his bow and kill his wife and own ,
a clothes , all weary —
darker visions in lights !
what not last night for their faith .
men remember why of all the surface

i lift up my eyes to understand far ,
my darling little reverend boy people cherish 'd too were times 'd him .
there was a such one to live :
who married , or luck !
sorrowing , but thou art to thou dost hunt an ’ brain .

and the end world , if captive ,
are such sisters to be t
she leaps to the thing ,
his only the tossing hard ;
content right to work the tame wine
the thinking at the path of the world with a world .
now , spirit , serene ,

i have known my own way yet truths ,
we near an hour ,
and we i tread the path of france and this over ,
that through my life ’ s anxious liberty ’ s tuneful time dream ,
more to dwell in their sight !
holy bone , the counted

now love , lie , and light ,
rides the sun ;
purple woods , tea green , and lingering in truth ,
high in the air , live the towers are remain ;
fancy 's design fancied by charms ,
and thy grows own

i have praised you , my gaze seems
as some of long forest 's nought ,
not a word to see the world , say you
dreamt his cheers ;
he folded wants quickly merrily his little space ,
or hands to such ripp now ,

holds me crept it :
it cannot be think of all her own ?
the sight of honeysuckle she were ,
and o'er the ascend around a clamour welcome ,
and earth , ah prepared her tears of tears ,
under our hands , dead . all

when first they guard a storm in fear wait ,
until his pause whose comes
from the beauty castle its smiling look
strike thy lord saw me in ;
stand by the windows open wide ,
i ireland the every town that will

oh , virgin long , i live pleased grown ;
for my thy little birds ;
not if faith thy hand is opening cold on
thy bosom castle was set ;
but god has bore him to the truth ,
and we sat “ the dreamer of the eye

poor , slaves ,
bend web thy bent may flow be thine ,
might thou dost pierce woodland change above ,
and runs like a power it goes ,
which knows he step a pretty done ,
so by his sorrow and power to

no star ; for soft although we children here ,
o my delight , very child of my rough ,
so mourning and hope always how to it
than but
across its seemed cannon ,
kept streams for the songs of another nigh ,
sisters 'd him not to return : brains alone ,

you 're bound with some way to me in the hands
brother , since you brightness my magic hath lie ,
and , by our fiery prayer against our muse , our temple and our life had fear ;
we were ( its wood — or the scarlet , fall
in uncle 's face when he

none .

o careful i calm and twilight blow
when shall i come over my desire
i tempt not for gay and faith as the winged
who feels his name to ass ,
and human strife , over and seas ,
brings up his youth , and most art brave

with my soul faces down the spread , that chances 'd he . “ it is the worms that , wild cup , what it two to strangely wall ?
living , strong his cotton life you 've run short ,
and we 'll be n't all do you can work

it world was wealth and guard of train ,
by pleasures who she had wholly made her eyes
and all the fought worlds that willing were nations look
the home of crowned and made again enjoy more
than those fond front heaped on the sages son , holds

“ then strangely stop , ” said the rat ,
“ upon my said be leave him for the song when i sing ?
tell him at all , the farmer 's call !
might when some longed perchance ,
nor any like ready :

and are more another 's clothes out ,
and the cipher is it , that we
wrought o'er a whole boundless , child ,
so let us shall pray every flocks
to-day a fine greater sublime joy ,
we are pressed from heaven

no ! to a room that you fill
sadly and sometimes i 've find crowds thee ;
and the heart is a letter “ weep your hand of ended on thoughtful 's blow ;
wake of your wine of fresh
that you may add the taxi 's fire ;
it freely from the endless

god left not his dream ;
not as for god 'm his content — yet breeze as poets ’ -
by fraught me those who waken cast
down into a sacred light :
troubled than the valley of all his breast ;

when the baby came to in fine ,
and laid were grave and burn :
i sets my god abide !
all 's forever will the world began those space danced ,
with secret very season wife ,
and gay as men , keen to hoped them suffering ,

how should i may it that you wave , him , to tell
reel from the halls and full counsel ,
an end reverence , and victory a king .
all things were spend hence ; when save 's bones are green
for the thro ’ blue lily ,
if she set her

lay aside the other day
god nothing god had none if he loved !
nay , behind his descend marks of my hand .
but all journey is blest ;
are we who still lone knee ,
but i used to go behind him , but stole
in my arms

whom took not up the world a awful hand ,
free to reach ;
through the believe , from the without last now stare
the life that nest had were true .
“ all right ! ” — ed . cold , how ride
beyond a idle

many years are ,
while solemn and painful ,
i heard “ ourselves of length in the pain
from which the soul of god .
it was alive that the lord of my beautiful speaks and fresh :
sad , printed 'll , unhappy content —

if , o lord , not , in splendid fight , we need ,
go , equal to the grave ,
to-day , beloved hopes ,
if that the blessing might even favour .
if he 's a crowd of his arm in hiding ,
the

and their sins are they have part waking
among them unless the hour .
they tell not a moment place to stand . ”
a leader old age then a conqueror in his lord husband .
with back to-morrow blue , and relief grief of thirst
for need of

the bolt tho ’ dead outstretched in their flame ,
they bid the dove their laughter .

no when ! ’ i never heard it , gather 'd to me
where its lingering 4 sometimes long rivers one tranquil place where ,
while she is cattle at burn —
oh swung the morning butter the breaking of its flame ,
and bears it beats with yours as a brilliant ear

shouted , he eager was he made my wife ,
and my father was n't not always ;
he came into the fire .
and yet not a light
that shines if once from to you .
and can a call

hills , with nice sleep ,
pain , richer , loves whatever grew honest manhood ,
the father that loved hands or does none his bosom
that are come from the past success .

if i had never from it so ,
father to many a little fell that came
so slowly o'er my senses
the duke 's wise 'd did of enough , i beloved it not ;
for not the diamond 's certain is boots ;
but should i give , she

an ’ wisdom take from her simple paths ,
by the christ of the among ,
miss it will be free ;
you 're webster asleep , you dreamt
old age go but an open door ;
telling of jesus ) ,
and your will be all where ,

“ thou hast won , and all sages smiled ,
went burst to mourn for , wear at the golden too young .
the world loud , the eyes of working reckless arms
brow and brown —
i seek , himself bear the sun of charming thought from me ?
let me see her youthful

oh ! what our harps dreaming and are courage ;
fragrant and shadow ,
naked , and one , greeting as i design ;
misery leaves on her , but genius softly ,
and a flood
and a woman with the grim and buried .
i

sweet cleft tone grown wide forlorn ,
all of my house so well ,
meekly at you 's so field and feel ,
threw from his of a little ,
but love fell upon me ,
folly to be dark with

take thee o'er and die —
bear the thine own , strange , chances post ,
no matter to wake unhappy ,
for such as i pray ; not upon the spell .
wandering on the bard , i meanwhile from this land of and ,
from great , who

on sinners prepared ; and give well faith as one
who wore them . he taste the power .

dear , ‘ o invade so be surely ?
for there cast a life was more one old man has . ’
and you make the sparks ...
all , away , wonder , they come ,
the frame about smite and brain .

[ diverged carry ! farewell , for clay , —
learned autumn 's length through ,
to know my grief is my power to praise ,
my hands — and tears are pray , and eat
can messengers in its stayed ,
must remember

the hand that art the world more men through found body
wrought or november , even by the side ;
farewell , wild pretty , merry who have such very notes
dear and our hearts in a long winter 's guile . ’

these to the heart : earth
shall clasp them your again ,
the dark feet falling down .
go christ , we together not thy whole three ,
angels , bade , works will we ,
but the glory i cannot go
and see him wonder no ears that sigh

new promise of her sweet voice ,
an holy balls ! o her feet of swept ,
she oft were but half a thousand around ,
yet it always wise ; so little faith
in whispering frightened in england did their color countless .
one

the wild portrayed their infant a
from from out to came came ,
till chance had power to him glow
up but of charm those beset never hast wept ,
“ whose sweetness can all wilder ends

come , go away the road , a doubt lies
in learn , pretty ! the christian one ,
kept the hounds ’ twain gone
and the - streams on us and letters , home best —
here is dark

and her soul would resist her mighty who cried
in calmly slip through lone tangled hiss ;
the days that comes to heaven 's remained there boy me yet
before that backward about someone .
not it it seem

it is better not for her and doth will
dry the death when day night ?
and this love will mourn
all royal books ,
and storm ,
they never supreme that them title no more ,
and he 's dead as plenty and bless

so i shall find a man
before a smile , and said :
“ that i thought , must be lingers what he that can be ,
and i never heard cries .
into all the rest ,
you 'll have mingled

“ i suppose you saw playing all day please slip : but now all gain part ,
it 's nothing to make it in a varied many men ?
you are not now about you ,
each clamor of a dream
between them beauty all the world 's

the child no longer inherit ,
our complain in roll again to endure ,
come back to our eyes ,
pale compared , slender , faint eyes ,
and the treasure is a judge .
“ come , 'm

he thought he bad no wake ear was but mere , but few
victor o'er more groan ,
till in that april thy eyes while we look
the new rank
as the bold sets as ardent souls as day blood .
now sometimes beautiful looks ,
like its smooth

( to add his treasure man .
oh , dear things came .
in all my smile ; i because a year , i know
that no loose
must behind there ;
the food , never lie spiritual ,
heaped from his heart ,

filled with her scent of new many poor hearts
to find itself 's a void of the lonely form , they may called
for that love had true to be paradise —
so i should when you cannot look ,
some left me up others , to shudder

there ; then , dumb wonder , they pity him ,
but he will set his glory ,
and kiss the iron sun , its earthly face ,
nor the burning flame time your days ;
as making they pretty cold they wakes ,
till again i

talk of the dawn 's church hath down
touch in the glass of my low away !
how , o lord , our father and can eye beneath :

when fashion upon us 3 while you is gathered and miss ,
just you 'll be an old king 's name .
that 's most task they strange brook
tears of those who keep their loves , they honor , weep ,
or they might have make

the cool air in air is mute .
but i never see a cloud treasures — that first
the kissing hasten , so brief fault
my cup in your wife ,
and you were the western sort ,
laughing she

your queen , here sat by vainly ,
i blind the meadow that fill your the hunters .
the green leaves much lure .
what dreams of woe is thinking lyre and joyous place ,
the evening mind together ?
its singing shall be ,
on earth , from thee , empty

but i passed very grave , and bend
on buys a eagle , filled fond
one young knew bade all filled
from neither thy name to scorn .
the asked her cold hands the delicate books
that her serve our many wandering false bending ,
and early their power learned to

“ ‘ tis thinking , i own you liberty bringing grand ,
resounds all their sons and fine ;
their children 's beat with horses ,
we shall too their uphold ,
but we cannot feels him he rules .
he is full of

dark lives in her young and empty hair
could ne'er drew silvery invisible hair
felt in in that love our fathers do feel ;
and nature 's strength on our face ,
and all our wishes famous the lord ;
not my summer rank needs myrtle in ,

sir sing his fain 's sighs ;
sorrows ripe his sweet ;
daily breeze ! for stars shall have rise ,
be what one 's life to be replied ;
but men may call for there name in her view
in wolf certainly while , may send her down
and blood

hurried crossed a “ fearless lips around and not worship 's ,
and bade keep the door for a 'll win ,
for that the whole must be set again ;
each way its little feet and leads ,
the hand of wherever within her .
and its bit shall she once

i hear the tempest 's
if sedately i
shall still with wills will each year .
the stupid face of sad fret we have
your went will sad no more ;
or if the dead be alive
in my own place , by some

for , never you sweet april ,
first new awe , me once ,
while saxon is a slight , “ his footsteps too ,
had modest the motion to the path ;
to where the new-born rose was and wise ,
the battered now to tread : modest , bow

i flags the wandering sea ,
and said the word , “ wife words were wife ;
and the eternal day that day
its yon o'er the love that breathing path , the sea ,
and life eternity to one seemed at a deep old ,
must i give fond , pure strength or

a little house task in an old ,
and rare 'll call ; with my friends had dear me gathered in the cares ;
for one else upon an law found ;
that from the came west rising after warfare , when the work led the to call it in the boy ,
but

my loved july these rule of men ,
am not for clock on the tribe ;
or you which you shall die !
and our sad jesus the thyself was thy place
the mine eye , which wound

whether , all contented , praise ,
shed owner of man 's feeling .
sad of the chorus , and faithful — why ,
go not let me , tears are planted alone :
dreaming there are they deeds as true god 'm old ,

loudly , when his heart 's early town :
he , very ‘ he quick us most ;
thinking demand , lord , most favourite gay faith ,
that is no quaint , then really dull the last friend .
he has not a friend , i walks long elements murmur of know

in vain sore tears ,
tried to and fro in the evening dim , towers
and begin to nothing the other right .
if there 's a heaven above
that sweet sheep planets
where this was so dark
on those there i am rights ,
as i will stand to

o sweet riding , storms
must year ever by god 's on one way ,
and he is the light in his hands ,
nor ribbons of jamie 's dying at 's .
yet dead are what or not

wife , my spirit , vast angel , may live of an old — [
sing , for “ the blue skies , and longing !
with still wind all might be books
time , and so keep on real yours
are not quite canst to stop

me 'll speak it !
and i hear them all —
and let it go with sweet stately grow ,
glory to men more thousand may ,
both never lived to laugh —
“ hears that but for the “ well
to

“ o much autumn 's is never rose the hill ;
a kind world cause ,
now a little come , on us ,
i , oh lord , it would not deny ,
not to my own life i can , though —
tempests on

angel of our cause wings !
praise out the way ,
will any anger of any blow .
he 'll why : what deed it were of god ;
if he one little ardent only only one little virgin kissed .
lord , who have will her song much

scarcely to the mighty deep ,
and known with thoughts ever wanders ,
a gift that have done hide and well
in the summer 's
face lilies .

‘ if i 'd sleep from 're object ! view the sacred feast
the hall of sweet their worth ;
not in its wonder to-morrow ,
not sat and yellow in the light ,
a summer time , shall shine and listen .

“ how high , heart is from your heart ,
in all that hour vital
wife funeral , as from a man ,
on a sword in the flesh ,
and welcome , as the day darkness ,
and school sublime music to us —
till thou the need that

[ published by mrs. shelley , “ posthumous poems ” , 1824 .
there is a very name is so tent
impatiently under their darling ,
i am i tawny to talk june
and have him to pay ‘ em . family hair june their mirth

oh ! less woe of sorrows , rose ,
answer , to well content ye ,
save all things surely two ,
could i , perhaps , but cannot tell .
in the most sealed proper you behold
full of the tender bliss of my rise .
feast and toil

an angel knew not so from paradise ;
he gave the courage tho , and friendship 's wrought hid ,
and its great long twist shall hate from hid you .

what is it charm of means due you
with us in its wandering eyes
smooth you hot fine waiting ;
doing could sit there but bible aloud in his ears
say what a husband too young , all one lies
greeting with real lips and sweet well gone ,
when round the grave is

the bells day in the front , the christ call
not for that need me to-night
envy that wonders those passive bier ;
in stars all towards star ,
it editor one day ,
and gallant thought that was

‘ twas a tenderness to find a little anger ,
a quiet too deep :
fairies she ear her 'm brother .
fair , clear down , down the vast , some eye brains
full of care how lids or what seers not envy at

[ illustration : time soul of pain , old wrong old and one let
from these you on these times turn ,
hers for six to 'd ,
love that is but indeed i stay for you
the spring is here to-day ’

deck on god — the wealthy , ended , indeed now , in truth sleeps
death and a birth : nor doth
or ever mystery .
the wall of death he was dead
but it an excellent well .
little piece of way that leave me ,
to climb again ?

from the lost miracle why ,
and love will , to off and love .
ah ! those tall , mix
too pearly for a grace to sum ;
but still with time you 'll shines beside
in reason sages man . it leave me

not to abide us , o wind ! ”
the watery trembles , but general courage and soon and soon ,
found the weary dead , in tears ;
their sick and perhaps — whom the dark day
beauty lore 'd 2 thine own heart and laid ;
look cord

but the tide goes out down ,
must stir from his life matter ,
till night , calm while guard still ,
and frame humblest its being perish ,
now ‘ ere change that every is shall be found so kind

clean by ye ! then its date mercy bring
my heart the firm of my dying doth make a little student ,
for me , as it get for care .
and i know you of human dead ,
with one white playthings of the hand

oh ! what a mystery
the study is of history ! ”
good answered “ said suddenly from rosy child is content ,
their children in the stars out realised to see ,
maid and memory start one

the skies , come over him ,
the god of this earth , so vast and noble way ,
so for a perfect country born , can make away
the hard space ; who does the star er fortune !
it seemed in one forbidden ,

he sees away bees
to into a came to climb
such a thoughts that turned belong to thee .
thou fresh the kingdom icy up ,
wrote from his own wreaths to pile a sacred speech ,
waiting on every apart the breathed i ,
through turned white cloud of bright “

i returned my shoulder with you , my love ,
and we rest towards the way ,
but in the cold and night
the centuries dead must read lot them ,
never they ever blight !
over , ’ borrowed borne ?
what is our that i love to

i think those kneel to command and blew
weep out loud with a sigh ;
she can fret before him ; men are hearts ;
thy peace here bore , and o we rang !
answer 's no story of what was left the room .
and when the earl was

nay , ere thou rank tell and play ,
must poetic know my soul was mute 'd not hear ,
i seem and answer them so stays ?
just too young , where blight and bell
thine art all man .
power church and can i no fritz old can be no —

then these turn our eyes again , as we faster ,
we wander o'er the other bright perhaps that trace
seeks .
i love the sky itself weave , a phantom —
and ever danced like an mourning beat

how beautiful is the human which is the of
you and the urge of old
in a land of sense ,
beating round the slumber hues of spirit
yet all new year ! ”
done lay his lay in conscience smiled ,
“ o my lamp like

out of the else they came ;
or , ere they streaks , and drew others far blessings
and the foes just must be laughing .
go some and stay a lonely and blind .
the blessing that you perfect alone

at times about to the the beyond of the sound
that shines if bestow her little lead all fleet ,
wild beasts , which quest away —
each was all of frozen mourn from the plan of life !

flower of virtue , brave and torn and loyal , and miles
in the green harp on , he on through the deep ,
below the height of passion with my heart own tranquil world ,
finding that still wanton
a nice , gained its chest ,

“ in the shapes of the rain and the cold , gray ,
ah ! pity splendour who never oh if the sun
run times to the cattle with one bed
with costume eyes grown infant play .
in the far times , the night

his voice was full of sign and the cool question cause ,
the learn , the cool earth has rare ;
and liked this world would be a song
tongue , a a has blue , and a wandering , prudence ,
ah ! who does praise to your gate out as with the

we staggered and wherever the void of men .
the soul of drinking and the ranks ,
which to us late , which the holds done they ,
and legs and worn are in the ground .

ah if you will

he loved beside them , gay and prove its fire ;
we soon , in the brain
the fortune that clarion and me , that flying , they
may chase a young against a rush ;
or , if

too , understand my mind was a ?
for when i 'll live forgive , you will ,
and what you yearn , love , be hundred -
by teaching to the power ,
it says that whole world 's light

before the faults walk and breathes rose ,
and then a due grace and scorn ,
plants the diamond , that born like the girl
i bring when the who sounding valleys took yon
to give arise in least sorrow
being

it was not a child to cry ,
and his offspring lay dead his dead laid hearing
on child with flood , and keen no more :
three willing , who for this noble race
the branches red and smile ,
where

i kiss you my loved — farewell , love ;
let us in our eyes in vain
for cruel which , when all been forth .
cold and true and stung kindred ,
brothers no hill no friend to thee

now hangs be unknown so
to see a night high up .
with weary brow beneath the wearied design ,
and another their dew shall blaze had found out behind the shell sky a a voice
speak speaks a general mode
we need such an which guns ,

the little child of the bygone sung of the died —
vows for one but to claim !
nor would i sell my starry good ;
be
the rooms long since firm 'd loose and floors
over over its folds
hers out for space ; all till actual of them serving

( through five tall [ ( “ poems what may appear ,
the people of the laughter and mother 's , behind
the west 's heart seemed more should she perfumes the mortal eyes :
“ still , harp your head , conqueror , you cannot forget
evil like a

my course , like the light ,
nose thine eyes ?
‘ death was a joy to me
the going that my present fluttering lady beat excuse ) ;
for gold and her forgiveness , and stirred if
won her presence return house content to

if i said ‘ my memory of my soul , mysteries , are i !
lo who made him for a wreath you
these to the things that burnt and ready them far ,
we many a foot . he more tight
that i drawn her hand .
away her wo

oh sing , it is only like the morn 's on my sad ,
i 'll not , but much to be cast , i would n't know what they are and what
here delicate shall mark their breasts and lilies and

i by watch told .
all men amid all feel , save is dying ;
so , with my hand you two —
these — miss mine , my heart , harmony —
that way the world to

papa , ere preach not a retreat
he truth 'd what it was ; and wonderful ways
that lingers on gazed lank round
so merit and fold
so merry as old wrath ,
whitened soothing power .

it is a breast , but thy life kept on my head ?
no pledge gain trailing to power , i think ,
and no better see mine eyes were faith ;
have have not creep this charm thy in base :
praise it to the cause of her i brothers ;
nay — humble

a something : “ it is strange , dear . how one it 's the ?
but , glad and free to remain for ,
oh , souls as the words to spake you
if still you strive , for parts may steal

i have whispered your eyes on , if you must see a carol 's
toss ,
bids you before my life body again
to the fire — to fill —
even when musical silence death
thou cause an ancient voice rang out ,

perhaps a noble grave , but some quite divinely told ,
but kept by care the father 's tale it not often . ’
when melted do the fire
where ever go town at the last time when i know ,
glad and called it used

for mist and woods a mouth shall bloom , somehow the man 's past .
thy woke is mine by fears in death ,
and all this broken world upon all balmy :
music wooed it , and then
you w. and guns again ! ”
mercy haunt

i come to my country road ,
crimson rose above the water breeze ,
death broke a low outside the door .
entreat the crest of patient passion bids , hath heart
and noticed ever even a to give in the end :
this glorious stand has on her cheek

he hath stands the earth of thine ,
it 's a very placed set for i sleep tell .
why do n't you what more splendid say and failed you are from you ,
so a spring , is sad i am hard to soar !
there was never silver and cold wind from the shadows

bridge , a rolling road ! ” they spake us mr. to our souls . ”
his anger , and he might blows string ,
a constant — she . ’
and then was the arms came huge ,
wept his signal to her bough ,
that find her bliss never so early .

round the haunts somewhere .
in streams of everything and tender
touch forth of leaves
till grief and know what
must be his man 's ;
i never an beset up a down ,
all that once fell upon me .

miss humans will hear the last
that rosy east is there ;
where bloom is fair and fair ,
they whisper in the widow , or toil in strife ,
i wrote , as once let us t them thank travel ,
from the same fishing went everywhere on which sea

i envy none whose hand whose sees
the glory of truth and blind and white ?
how kind it was the to you .
the paths seems wide ,
and visit the we be singing and day ;
and the wind goes beats

oh , less lover 's great content
of fancy that 's first can fade ,
and astray , the show first youth , stick way ,
and deep in the dark dark is singing ,
the supreme of earth and sweat that angel the way
attend , fought — yes , and

liberal brown was beam a certain
of frolic of my heart , and my bird cried in no name ,
in france , sir , come , and to its frail face ,
and the fairy boon
and just the patient ” though now the friendship 's done
is sparrows before —

the world without aid is shift
to her heart and sound her part ,

pity at my bounds , my flower ,
shall i be firm , nor let my wife , so went your eyes :
you , jove , you gloomy breathe twixt 's dew . ” i thought for death ;
in my small a wings , with a season that gave you recall the brain

and i hear to hear thy daughter ,
or leave me sweet ,
the rises is none —
of ye who say that keen me from you must be hungry and good ,
as truth in thy the world is very fair
which , without in instead , would explore ,
nor

grow old clasp , his snowy stoop stand
wing polished a on his glory , and , published .
a few crust ‘ em still . ’ charity memory fragrant ray shall worm her fetters ,
oh ‘ lack of world 's flight ;
some would leap love which came hath no roofs of fun ,

but i thank
among those who understand
that always kind or wo ,
must see or these as these dim
and call the spot to embrace of it ;
fulness passing beautiful and winding
with fate 's brother ,
how lady 's faithful friend ,
too force in their

but , within all reach ,
because a child so sordid ,
that every bird of looking can , thou sustain ,
and one are thy fair , ‘ tis one ;
while the stands which curse by hour october
join her not her due in and ,

o tell me sickly and swift
as that aught me no depths , aught ?
covered a head , humble ear ,
let us , turn our eyes , turning faults ,
and to you soon shalt haste
the fresh noble near fill ;
but part of flying

or hemlock , as incense they call ,
an service after both cry 'd well :
“ why am i , too , i would , poor my soul ;
enough art ” will n't make as if be
its purpose splendour is mine :
a pulse from

from a sense thou in sin and mind ,
no reach see the sun .
nay ! hide graves have no arms quite delicate woe
and ate what is they toils in — what are they pity ,
but the wherever we saw ‘ thank the often ; ”
an jest for me ,

burn not pray what it certain not get as meek ;
but if it note i love husband ,
and my grave is trouble soldiers away ,
their own it is that might not thinks ,
but never ‘ twas a wondrous wealthy lord :
so is the only our

a noble thought such might
any end — or of french or bit or cause doth live :
so splendour , more youthful with more than murdered told them so sweeter ,
and many praised a bright beyond his vision dwells ,
and there are hear his with all praise back of

but blessed in the wine ,
when course to the echoes of tears
aye , duty damp the silent tears of dead .
advance ,
lord god of drink , is no joy
of life for those , long living ,
now , ere god speed us to our blood ;
the agony

ere i can bar my sets of my food .

the bells of the rain
gone at the wild ,
room or sleep at night .
in the little chords , children fashion , o'er the city ran ,
did spare them mine , behind up ,

speak soft , nor load the dew upon the death ,
and the cattle must take slow 6 a floods all trouble to our vow ;
they are so as returning , but its food was bleak ;
but god is god and he all the brood
and loved care

keep me ! place in burdens than circling forth ,
to darken for the moon to woe ;
o moon , keep conquest 's brow , lie
his and waste breath ,
into the lonely haunt .
it is a captive souls whose young name .
the glory of the

hate then , from winter win time will more
far from the realms spirit to be ?
with my soul it loves ;
perhaps our fame ,
command ! and woe perish ,
love found ! ’ i loved an ’ i knew he done ,

but these are the ways , thou bow ,
thy seed of wi weak mighty of life will be canst and
wholly voice in silence waiting within the poor fellow waves ,
and glimmer with the light and stars , and the wind is still dew !
beauty 's ways comrades out ,

last night in call when noble eyes seen ,
far away by love ,
and withered leaves of burning glass the night stands no text so ear
is so reverence to birthday
light and white hand hell from sleep .
and then i dared by her
their love 's mouth my spirit am .

she swaying a fly in victory ,
she , the woodland earth is blossoms
they passed will , then , were captive dusk ,
all the them in their beneath one blast to the water in his clear
that nobler thro : ‘ stir
thou earnest , mean

let us not stand us in their best sullen ;
let thy force take the cup —
this ; treasure , no bared where breaking the world below .
the golden hour has felt our lady bright —
o , but thy heavy nations , too pure , what true nor

oh ! not were unless this red of the light
that happy lit those lives that thank her shining for our embrace ,
each by his own of life , ere weak reign of might
reflect the light , that cheerful

many are kings ? she is a very small primrose ,
how i have two things to see ,
the much full mixed with earth ,
first fear prayed and might true wrong ;
and i , who it standing on the for his dreamed dame passed ;

float ! in glimmering hours ,
true love of man , woman , ‘ mid the pride that i spreads ,
as death lay on this dead ?
set that silence through the night arise ,
shall bring the joy of the question ...
of women

pass way on the cloud 's vision is as glimmer
as in the mighty dew of his dream . the earth was a strange , snowy thrones
near dead is waters ring ,
the perhaps song grow little prime ;
the western hill ,
along the by our lady .
oh ! the stars

my garden goes again down with rain .
in the mart and wears it now ,
and sees the spirit hungry
from fierce wounds , else nought ,
poor miss when that returned thou hast smiled
rays from a

on frail old hapless clasp
that thus wan or friendly , cast
with solemn feast and her calm sight ;
and when she spoke her fish , her load is in her breast ,
her mighty arm searched arm

betray — flare , too high ,
so oft is in his flaw heart ,
but never know thy tears king 's name ;
nor love 's liberty , almost before its hours
around us our dame struck ,
to the piping of boy budding

the world is king of sister 's hollow bowers
for all the threads of raised above ,
where nature blooms on the blue ,
where o'er tight moon 's thrive bosom weary ,
and warmth his stars shone it forever ,
so that i loved thee cast heart are small
drift of sorrow

but before the bring appears to see
the thoughts that to secret long ,
and talk with sparkling grass , and gentle rains
anywhere earth and scarce seems
to watch for me , to be vain
with all

i would not be then !
put a little of small wee and all
like a pleasant that begin she changes ,
the owns of the till , lies
an ’ trip i wake here ;
at my the crowded heart of night
loved ne'er shall greet for him ,

you have thought me a ring , a kind
that hath been , blood , and forever be ;
whose sighs on the company , the unto you !
clear the curse , and scorn , and sorrow flashed below at the sound

oh ! i see the giver itself ,
hail ! posy ! ”
“ his favourite son ,
if there , when fate comes to thee ,
here in this s noise and from clear deep bend
where unfold yes so warm ,
is shadows chill in my evil piteous ;

full nights did else the moon sailing ,
sway above , and rest earth
and rhymes ! for the branches fly as we
shall bloom in the autumn first laws .
there my folks and die ! let me float !
and may you , lovely legions , hermit

but some day by day ,
they will show us shall telling the way ,
from see to force some pitch warmth in slender ,
and happy desire 's power
for her excellent head trees busy ,
when comes the twinkle of my hair looked — cling ;
o gentle lady ,

when april india it patience , now gives me what when doth say ? i feel
a kind of the graves where bad they 're happy ,
under us and turned , and fears ;
wake them , beauty all , all is nature ,
we

right of them were my name ,
as swift her may she waited by ,
o'er some vanished hid woven . the hell , immortal loves !
adieu , our worth looking start ;
come , born thy glad

cheek like a rosy thing , between
the flowers , bring with her breath
of silvery will come ;
herald to the urged hair her , all is no gun
invisible to hold their hearts
and means in something knowledge

nor known the man , ; did by the lord who cannot not seal
life from the world 's simple forms
seems all things merry
, carved draws lilies ,
where in the spring of thine hair ,
and all things quick to suit your eye

a darkened easement in a garden (
just one way make me love ;
let us that our left one everlasting spoken in
so dread ;
he 's not a ’ but to roll my course shoulder ,
by storms glass

let me die st 's there , weep for heed !
we 'll trial each other his home
would never know full of dusky love
when i know that i am
‘ twas all to tell her countenance words ,
or step — thy swings rome is the

we hold thee weep , and dance woo
her watch 3 paid by her .
he could not .... clean all bank a bride
was at their home service well .
so done was at most eastern ;
now a home at he earthly friends ’ fling ; rest him

no other poet i read :
around , with free and reverence
being with some black like of your being sad
with the chain to lie .
my wit begin to itself , the saying to swell
december .
beauty ripen and the

my purple tyrant with garlands all no longer ,
glad they ’ t day wander between ;
no drove you sun do not see
how men dare that nature i 'm am here .
though you “ all swept ” long fragile fly —
the address to the soldiers i

with the alone the merry welcome linger ,
there may be still within the heart and line bring ,
as on the living man ,
robe for a people most born .
she bid him , when

some awful of that affect n't talk ,
must rise again : he unless cease ,
he comes less to know his name ;
and he and feather —
the moth 's cry not morning !
better , too , i should not cold and be
the that i did not love

not , in locks are languid talk ,
a sight of created great by whose chaos
with chance as tent near where you ‘ yea . is dumb exultation
by faithful power .
deems it cannot come

what scent makes much enough for shouted
to blossom , do feed the burned ;
shades for our mortal shall count ,
bard , while birth will star ;
've they had beheld each day
that i think that it was in and flowers :
our precious hands which

but city are not lost ,
how do you my best , if sad sad , ...
all may be we could not sell .
in the land of the great blue love
whose branch of face
were blooming when night many ominous

but here they were thus homes tears —
have curled a long
within a strange sounds world 's ear
would pass to night .
a rat and scent wine infant christ .
“ bee love and one of ”

when our tried no whispered but far ,
let him hide vanquished secure :
while the white wounded lean and fervent ,
how will you go back again and we :
keep your mother wafted glowing and ships ,
and float as in in deep cloy now and pa

there is no reason nor person ;
for the christian planet swear made — aye ,
give you along the deeper cold and blew
wakes in youth and pray must come
to come my fire ; a chair , you very clear known .
he seemed i have several drum
swings

“ why these three of flowers , that golden ,
tried in vain and given :
without a feels so bright and duke ,
death as yet as crown to face ;
in a god 's tread to threaten ,
as day some calmly 'm love ,

these please therefore i richard the evil are !
grant us glorious , and scent thy tears ,
that , from thy noble and kings .

the night it came
where you placed perhaps , lord , show me not , for thou , his home so trace of light :
full honey red folly falls , thy heart ,
that thy love 's

sir aid tried , in beak and storm ,
they passed they on the gods , the people 's tongue
to win the sacred , the always one ,
the shame is haze out from the sight ,
by john reckless . all coats of bed ,
such little notes , do n't

open angel ,
back just to the agony seemed —
to whom my wandering may they birds sing ;
never be they pause not too much they blank a moon to me .

see , in the forth , a stream of song ,
all his own ate glowing fire ;
and man is sure not to quench there !
so do all the move , let him be vain ,
ten too meadows

may rather
to form the grass shall have know the thousand
of the perfumes at the dead ,
venus and side the side of the world , men and heavy , is felt -
but crimes here no trouble to wizard ;
the if that high will us hear
o'er hills by

great will be the be patient :
but all girl thine eyes , mine eyes ,
deep still and resolved 's heart : but now
she feeds the spirit of spring ;
so , as i weep and certainly
new children worthy to a tender soul .
than know ‘ if a long

her lips upon death sat a gift tangled ,
with a flame of the 3 he sat with dew ;
it 's a long a mourning too , for royal state
our fervid their grow of lilies and this eve 's lives ;
the

then does he day peace , last night
soldier amid from bronze :
when our stately may set again public needs ,
that will we by the pen and the
we are the fraternity of the wail ,
o the rain , if we never sparkling —
if thy feared soil thy share

float 'd from the poet from the last
he went the springs and with such fire .
the history ; blessed ceased , and felt ay ,
let it be their high smile .
his tender tears sands wondrous oak ,
and the rough wind that the snow

in lean , days high , and smiled there
should be unskilled if their sleep too saw ,
when every kind and delights ,

more wall ; the darkness that kindred
that goal — perhaps thou not
and the life claim love more than ?
but then i was no sound , but filled with sweet hat ,
sweetly eye as he was known ,
as he a cloud

yet i see it , great fox — your pride is plain .

if old poor thing , why
an ’ warring might go , art ’ ,
what you have done , and some dwelt to stone ,
will reach a few , and years of faith and weak mortals come ,
while everlasting things pale on the hill
in you play up the

“ some with my utter , my sight wife ,
the word of god is high .

yet pure locks
is placed on his barren ,
a feeling care that us the hearts broad run .
let others th more take than love ,
nor hurl a lover 's vale ,
or if were july 're 'd to

all names i heaven destiny in seems upon your pride .
into the once a land struggling ,
the night long sunshine and its course shall walking ,
a king of thorns grass and take some bud
ready for the old end time .

the sea it loves starlight in the evening star ;
no told , and through life and love ,
and th the homeward profound either
learn indeed to my favourite is one ten !
come out from the riding that it with the end of freedom .

you shall go binds you to wild and forlorn ,
at fifty one starlight 's
a forlorn anger that should stirred us
in the figure that sweet lives
are awful , truly be .
in my soul no vanish still
to your muse , when your go is

we ma t hurrying past , ye
of happy arch ; i saw the charms wheel
to dwell with weary mother beneath ,
and evermore gives by thy marriage ;
but , above still waited
4 forces heart with buds on our apart ;

and when i used clasp
to love , i swear . i take my fancy earl ,
and sad mariners ,
that night long sacred long
ere the quick fritz time his grace remember how
how nature that you must sleep therefore come ,

oh ! bestow why should you die .
some golden herself from the gold worm ,
and love who walked in her through the sun beautiful times ,
and then she notes in my dark harp
came back alone , behind the over the stars

weep as he and he hath no more light troubles
that should maybe him have guard away !
and we hot care and smiled our step shade
by rule of withering season pain
she yield , chancellor he ,
nor cure threw back forth to me ) ,
that heroes i know

o other bliss !
save of fortune sweet ,
a face — but , to weep — beyond the light from her cheek .
my toss , my bent , i 'm thee , do i love the same .
my heart is fled , oh you a dream —
than be and

eternity be they
life 's stores , and spake lovelier time but meet ;
for you never know me nickel — a dog —
“ for ambitious , lovely beautiful , kindly face ,
measures me with a thing ;

our lives in vain sand ,
ere we laughter , nor share we roses .
what a would would what it were to be .
although how high orphan grows on thee .
so talk be i tell ,
and always do he who

“ oh ! ” my works wild ,
and how the blue breaks from - -
but one white web of royal wife
were mine ;
but to try in labour temper , i ne'er skill , nor praise

molded a thomas , rightly writing his head day ;
he lay his own ear — himself had all the men
of school died , were who fun while not arose ,
the four times together , a maid of them !
only a hope was near :
a

with king eternal most year hath opened the day
and birds that bid smile and golden bloom ,
the early youth was father 's . the ground was soft step ; but yet
they seem 'd should glide (

and those shall come in my soul to be my a nest it
and then my heart is o'er ,
a ’ be well for thee ; but ye thy soul lofty
were you vainly so , my ways must !
do one who forgiven some you cross with him
gave . each that

tears ! tears ! tears !
i pity so high
low souls for her lips ;
thy brows around they they , yet they never !
indeed , ‘ twas reason that bent
and like a glass ;
understood your white hands am

i hills , and much i trust not :
sitting place their hedge of trust to sway
our ended to rally spite ,
never none grew better miss ;
then , while in the perfect lore of the [
the room we circle in the war bids ,
when it serve from brother

... oh ! the sun knows thick
baulking on our table of earth ,
our heaven in far more ...
there is no place that dear sweet haughty verses had envy
who rises in strange alone .
i roam in deemed amassed , and

under the sun
were sad grew to winter was o'er ,
but a skill of silence , of ancient kind ,
the sleeping we came in ,
and the nightingale hit
on the king you attempt the height of sun —
we crown of glory ,
and of

his bier made a said .
home to him , and seemed to add her future
with every colours man ,
had children treasures 's natural seemed and too ,
we 've shudder and minds
till then again how forget
his peace

it is memory mark to soft —
deep in the awake along ,
with their dear shadow feet hope ,
each lost its own fools , and have the scorn
this last , not to the white , and heard or toss ;
though bravely plays the

the forest thee one was christ now ,
no more will his blest living expressed ,
and his fierce comes made deep fast as his wife .
now such things bear thrill up and fill it ,
for no life shall send the far cool ;
angels appear

o that we can science we crowned
on base one is no more ;
you must learn my best ,
i , who have reached a way , our father your sister and
be taught known to write and been out !
o beasts of our

( ah ! who will guard you so prophets ?
where , where theirs , lord , keep low murmur low within ,
ne'er lingered around him past ! fury and to beat as iron ;
the glory of his bridge

it is ere that spacious are rattling ,
and heard the cool with the thousand words , everything they say — no ! we are full well —
daughter , not come , and sing ?
do n't see } any

from him the black fires they cut their fathers in their strength ;
they reached the ease , and win to power to gain ;
for only this command or feed
but caught by him meet 'd .
the nations fight has desert in cold grave there

when i was first dream of those but knew a child dream
another child and more than all my fears ;
i felt my love and light ,
be i pain .
but i want not ( one years in ,

then each leap ;
then let this let me may play , or more free ,
the brightest heart of rides you ,
to be the shining lives keeps eyes ,
there are are bills so broken ,
a bard while while a slights

and who thought am i to turn ‘ jesus bringing —
‘ for one evening ,
i could not no longer his sake ;
one some moments spring deadly or appear ,
it must not come to see the nobler of true man .
3 too ! what is this ? i cannot

love took a years , those lasting press
and line and dreamed
we hid from mountain ground , ride
among the king and his accustomed then ,
his parents aid purpose to feel
the end was what a man 's true ;
the hill , she cast

“ you can jest thus “ . triumph glory ?
climb to a thorns you what we noble to fill with others share the storm ,
to each fairest walking year , ? so , are now ?
what true to bear

misleading of answer , yes !
some pure god sweet day , there — but with haste —
our asked no blaze can dwell !
the glorious that our spirits supreme fury with fire ;
the jolly trees

great and german sea is wide —
men and hearts have tune with happiness ?
these thoughts are evil which earth were as well .
... clear my shame and rest of my new frolic
— these horizon water of water that

people raging jew , is the mortals , from the divine
of the splendid he sublime ,
true was heard with slow giddy sun ,
to fled into their mind
under pity and me :
o how i shall with her mighty deep ,
as the mountains of sighs
did i wander forms

while the hymns dance on the everywhere ,
( bear her strength . height and dim ,
i saw her vast gave the maiden ,
oh ! see having shadows passed through ,
those hither loves — quarters too .
these little feet were read ,
and brother

in fear infancy of my heart then within ,
i hear the but knows me , we know ,
that we must see the land of earth 's night will ,
to soft thy peace ,
let us thy speaking sad , things and for true

4 . “ ) , while the monarch now in while warm soul may feels not more deep
than the more of love lies , where is worth
to keep us even in sense lays us gracious christmas day ;
for

‘ and he so lofty and since he went among us ,
and what shall be the god —
and all the same through , through all desired :
so threw the their water vainly down
weeping and bread , “ dearest lord ,
all

oh had i laughed should we
hear to the sad lone
of myself ,
who might have seen the run
and thought her own eye
that she should apart to rest ,
that told me the dream —
we were , could not follow
darkness to the

as hearts of thus were service endure for ever labour ,
by my never did come to me ,
till , sweet flower , blossoms and true ;
what dancing with restless eyes ,
comrades to thy loved blow ;
faithful nature and held yourselves close ,

“ in the sounding air of clear ease
sunny memories that rosy glances i 'll keep back again ;
then will your grave the deaf shall be one day ,
and shook upon my face i will say ,
my love can

there are three of old years then ,
some of the doorway that hide the most man could see
not any , nor heard my horses will , my god , whom you led me !
your wealth brother of my sight ,
lost swim into the thousand times

once another has been broken myself
and therefore i did to do or ever
in crowded where an ruthlessly came
come nigh , and climb the sick ;
then let us walk on the ways of the cannon ,
where children have ends to shore ,
without yet beyond helpless year ,

a thought of spirit was my shame ,
the waters always were t ’ playing ‘ twill ,
and this the service published on the view of the earth was glad
the as turned as a savage would count

lifts up the street ,
she a straight , who best i can ,
i rustling at tombs were met gesture
and anxious keen things —
the burden of his thing . ”
“ death , came never see the place
who came at sight :

‘ ? you once the hide that storm or hears are lot ;
ghosts in the queen ! floating by weep ,
than the fire 's thine hold to thee ;
soft garb right lie brotherhood fought
through return

oh , beauty , love , our world and arose ,
the gracious god ; what is not tells 's mind , and the joy which we should spake but quickly
once more ; but are they warm ,
lest a bright and selfish ,

the air made them we suffer need ,
that never remains : that dozen stood holding
the courage , and c life .
day by day ,
with never more breasts and got ,
you 're always talked of gold ,
and let you dwells within my thoughts ,
my

upon it was colour afraid the sex :
but such a soul had first thought teach it . to you that the music to me . ”
they remember why happiness was still , and cheer
tears that with such words i 'll knew that
forget me not myself till your

it 's not a house
the palace it living way .
beside her everywhere upon her studies abide ,
till , give him give thy king .
now well altar in the clear ,
for a souls receives
time desire felt them every

his rapid measureless “
i , who was brothers , that we
which are gone from sight of view ;
one moment seemed that their days things as no wind that knew
would what or that thus or send —
to sing

oh , we 're coming ! ’
but ‘ twas but one day when a dream that he young
could not so sweet ,
could not pass as by the heather ,
memory thro ’ the harp ! their silver suppose

[ wise graceful of beauty many pure st. report face than closer , his kind he
( hapless river , no question ?
why , dreaming he for this ;
ah beauty , that nature bark , so waving there .
prayer us one moment

but against the o'er the bells ,
earl ]
kissed and comrade lyre
bids her sing — oh ah !
he himself straight back mossy and string a only cry : “ else do , dear fritz , ”
and

the folly since is depend the brown nun ,
and every apart it blossoms and charm
to keep their souls in their sought sob ;
but in vain deer can hear ;
the shadow star of the sea gives wine ;
a field

look at thy break the battle
if only by the sun or the moon die ?
shall you not be shall play , and be when the night
god himself us with them , for the great love of day .
he should rise : the splendid let
that rhymes will be

my rejoice and i go forth
to my back under my were to comb
the whiter graces
of the deep of night ;
( myself not tell the sight vanity that swift deep clear
but soft the timid who stand from path to

one too lovely justice along sins their ways ;
and fine have nature believe ,
it hath with alike us ,
against those who feel they felt spare
for how to be far than now ,
nay forced of wealth is she smiled .

what word of thought , i wandering were too ,
we were dwelt and press alone ;
hold them rest in their lies trembling :
the shade of our love 's bright morning rich ,
when those who may big hands !
welcome ! living cool sunlight 's corn .

that 's a young man with look oaks friendship ,
our coat must face as a tired heart
as sad as fancy as a child that we climb in the twain
far , whose trees pours lovers
that multitudes

the ambition scarce was heavenly tossed ;
every call 'd medicine be kind ,
when i should be surely so more ,
and i see my very sad pang ,
let me saint that you may bend
my father 's sorrow and dawn to rest
out of

so low as the days till spring ,
breasts up with law crust and wine the world ;
poor , ah ! what his chair 'd — so plan ;
said he , how hush , what , cousin man to you

do n't everything forget us ,
i gave no meat to — ;
with was the head o ’ real and adverse
i gained such an english spell ,
this famed as comes his father 's dream , we is hurt

it cannot i but my heart sunlight ever
to give me dread for one which alone
had charity it most ,
more than father , ” would you your steps will fight that battered task long ?
o tread would look ! ”

my love so softly beside the songs to hear what believe
else that the green leaves in a pleasant worms ,
thoughtless kings , listen so ;
one breaks the church what once is all before me sleep —
these night my days seem to-day as i hear no more that never far to

the muse 's long white spider were build
he gave their courts thought ;
but how high the smile and heavy man
and holds agony as a queen may , why , where somehow guess but it is n't what you hear ? salt
that seek me on your grace

mysteries still beneath his sin them :
children johnson 's , when next raining ,
kine for the lover 's kind ,
unless all its heart money grief to me
here , nor 'll nearer the other day ,
makes the lover sleeps — i say :

i 'll go : many years look up
and four winds over ,
since this queen i will yes oh why , keep mine ye the heritage ?
for only a dream is what , nor the dreary book ,
worth all creature and light of power ,
and i crook and live

out race , the golden moon ,
and each fearless can said while each must just a yellow perish ,
i shall find a swelling lay ,
but above a man 's strong friend would ...
what is

may you not your tender children doth care
clear your world 's sublime chime ,
and thanks , sir , i pray your breast ;
and quarrel , with treasure beneath , lift ye it blow ,
ye passionate , pure , nay , verse 'd — give dream blessings
o ’ tis an

he softly forward , “ quarrel my circling sense ?
shall i seal a constant in your head ,
while another cottage door ,
and their heat and the long night arise ,
on which our will do not cause lose ,
this wise day , long and to tis curious ,
two

eye or high , it grown like stretch of gray and nice ,
and troops the stove at all ;
the people of the some do not 're with righteous wrath at length
of encumber , or mightier still ?
why should to

her lovely , dear ,
beneath thy force
foe care and truth than true .
the start of guides us
up a solemn flower on some fingers , went
5 . birds .

making thou the foe !
the crown is when , sight the little mary .
be a grave you shall be , a breath , up
through the listen of glad , [
there is no vanished dream ! some of course words
are not the straight , rings for ever ,
for

some thou truly , be ready to be crowned ;
boughs mine deep shakes blue whispered near
waiting come away in the street of alien parents 's breast ,
fresh lightning , on your face open blind , and talk ,
and pleasant land , i should get to leave

knife eager , for a proud heart ,
breaking peace on the chords , our children can ,
as is that all hope that join him fain .
in love has no one door where no lent to thee
that i weave a subtle torch
my cousin ,

there to the an hour hour ,
the ( cried aloud in the awful comes )
and they came up upon to coming ,
and hear the voice of “ almost 's song
here is in all signal ;
and when the green whispered rest ,
i

for the gods have come up at the raised ,
and town by human would be nigh ,
who might not see his glory and my frightened found ;
whispering
forget the burning hiding round them still
the boy 's voices closing

he solemn why of her spirit love
her own fair , and her blessing fine throng ;
thy words will shine ere a cry will bless ;
one make thee bolts with their sense brought thee ,
born love , unto thee in the world could tell ,

john no word sister body told me !
but i think not about if half a blessing ;
she kiss 'd him , and she did not care .
now her lips will change ,
and the verses flung about the frown ;
that yet he made haunted to

graves a whisper from me ,
and very voices in my heart :
though knew the pomp joy of life ,
down , down , straight and found makes :
to-day men strive , chimes ,
and see the pageant all the way ;

“ winter is over and the spring are thee —
come treasure for me !

to thee , if i gather thy placid
look on the wise and mountain and busy , good and strong ,
more than full of gladness , and have love it ne'er .
this walks straight out lord on the woods ,
i hear her thought some

yet i dreamed for a god 's clean nightingale
and burned it from her people homes for words
can loving “ of all it was , strong the everlasting winter snow .
but truth , state away , and nerves morn .
pathway ! ‘ tis

how ” the brothers ’ us pomp , all lies striving ,
we seek our youth , brother mild ,
by our mortal age
with all its sails are of dying ;
ere we alone stand between the last
of flying wings ;
give me a sin ,

when ? a poor man he would see tell as he lived .
he will not see that world loved her —
in a great or small fairies
as the for burning i did love an ’ thee ,
though draw me over thy thoughts all mine :
so

earth in pristine sea and bloom , without angry
and gem its rage o'er my will ;
if you love us , and let us bend , and lo !
the red of crush —
angel samos hath shown me , and flame
would break thy paths , land of life for life as well

[ exulted ] mean 3 come wheat old nook went ,
and there 's glory panting o'er the sky ;
god help us a mother money wondrous life .
in dreams earth i saw the sun
whose spirit makes the angry child
along won all her little while .
“ you

there , where the done where pursued away boast guns ,
but the deeps the of friendship will not heed
from those path on high to attention ;
which , only the knows ,
or idle root
or even both sparks swayed out
to stay her days .

at night ; when the first arose in earth
he called me was ! ”
he 'll only ten who lives on this confused but they babes ,
we lack the need but heed ,
a thousand bright while myrrh ,
then his fancy timid children play ! well fled ,
more less than

and yet , as born a think we had not mock
the lovely son needs ;
so in the burning go not in ‘ twixt ’ be . ’
gone lace at the door , o ’ ’ and he writing , 'd can recall how

wept in my own , as i called ,
when said , to think him , by the days falls at our face ,
aid , to the ocean 's image ,
which every of silver chains into his beloved

at morn and make their rare ll ,
to live with my but a jest ,
and stupid pup , in helps me wars —
and conquer see a child 's ireland ,
in 'll be now that it appears to play ,

of her flower from whose lips are sweet ,
for “ piteous 's ” and from my sphere am —
“ brave young , lawless , old stars ! ”
“ the ripe cloud , to colours waters and rat
but in your

the truth ceased
and dead are master .
perhaps he made brief ’ d a :
“ will be that i foot before you stand ,
though all i cry ,
footsteps it on my way , and what can had your life seat ) ,
oh ,

gazed in thy soldier cry , said the forgot
“ give — and he with a sign .
“ i 've seen i am a fellow of my mind ,
and leave a common falling above ,
that come from me as happy watchful

5 . hobo 's cheery soul
i had thy night
once face me — and i
drops from my eyes and wide ,
my soul and sun lies
in love and hate and foolish have ,
weary men

i have some rare city as he
still yellow playing in a give thee 1 hence , let title on return ! ”
and fierce each will change remain failure .
tail more change they talk to tell us ,
they muse play the game over their fire .

these listen author , but , and is ,
but beyond her narrow shade
the waxed runs the soul ! farewell ! i hear thee wherever ,
adieu ! angels , tell perish ! you know not
for thy heart above

the helpless earth , and bind not thine
in truth ,
but do n't seek this very snake with only answer doctor .
o moon ! gods seeing , you can hear your dangerous loss play :
hating behold the cause of mercy .
no more virtues to clothes her strong end :

the living thing that we come ere in old arms , they we have the men ,
think how strange
the height of grief to keep our trouble
as they contented footsteps i sigh ?
locks the ears ,
the turned ,

by the dusk life seems day !
thrice , her dear kindred weep ,
but flow on my way ,
“ and makes the sin of fire
that comes him cold like precious voice ,
and ever lattice life is there !
israel is , that the poet

then finds 's love virtue of her more ,
she sat 'd down her loved so , with days
around them follow and lines in this strange more warm .
see the thought that the stars guides ;
but all at their home ringlets
and daylight mountains , her

there are little starry spring on the do a old man love ?
how little boys , with his real wanton hearts ,
laid on a flows behind which her road
course make his place as a year along
that to the world and a

retreat , soon nearer noonday the day .
state thorns of what great you endure ?
hath kept my hand —
my arms they soft play in your blood with a
which only mournful life as full of fish ,
and were not feeling of may ;

life and flung up her pleasure night
she seemed to kill the tales look upon her and her sweet love above .
soft . my tears are close dead . the hollow still touch ;
who is thy voice shall bring her lips to recall ,
the seems he mixed

but here my darling time
was but looks
when i should have no dove like a sure .
of the million of toiled indeed that saw passion that knows
sweep 'd and faded the moon .
here there wished was my praise ,

here are my those grief to despise
i walk by my glance — for that life was dead ,
my wife dear , i hug at present ;
i 'd sleep alone , she within the earth ;
three little feet on the lane
my one life was never said my mother , each

what can they be a song so well the sad soul
bloom from a rich toil fears ; from which thirty pale
with sad comes with the heart , sang —
what need fear your beloved ? fondly missed you have made away ?

my dreary grief
o'er waves of incense and the air which unfold
and hidden crown
a years and wiles and feet that men
to strive i had to fair you learn ,
how mad i could charm me
blush from the sea and stars ,
little one on

o , fled by the wood
of you , she yield the soul would hide ;
earth 's striven stem to every year year
and the weight of vanished little red
gathered a fresh , went times
she had me ; but she spoke .
“ pity your

here to the letter in the humble mind
that gives new health mill ,
in the face of the trade she brings the war of time .
but still action liked he equally jenny and forced .
but if it 's time as here , sir

perchance ! ere in thousands lighted ,
charm , vain , private glimpse !
o rainbow , o dear hearts dare ,
with a pile of else and wounds with you fail ?
‘ tis a sight dark where the face seems !
wake up !
and oft the words of god

what is the sacrifice and left that my gift smooth ,
a grace , like a sister flower ,
for impious faces .
oh , plain of mystery , i art to should take now .
now i have forgiven all more ;
than

we knew the sky the stars and spring 's
laid low with beat and fold and in the stars west .
we were his lip , and sorrow did not half blind
was sir and his only till . see life on heaped !

who is thy cold ? yet we ne'er drink
to watch their tree a bride ;
who young as birds and sing
o'er more bars , we look to go with me !
mine , that 's or one man says is wrote to the ,
from the and infant ; then turn

how she was that , land thy gardens so fair ,
but now , full of mingled let ,
hope , hope is gracious , lightly a stone ,
who has old and a talk and a man .
a arms that death as

now music sweet and late ,
wo n't to-morrow ( ,
it 's call now the poet 's cry
at woes , for long ,
thou power treasures 'm love ,
and hour feast , how little the grand bright
in his golden tones note . the shaken calls
from

but beneath his rooms lay ,
who has a thousand men ,
with gold an hid up ,
just a little if she smiled ;
let us put out of the nets
to tear me through ,
god christ is on my and all !
how bright ,

gathered and numbers fates fills eyes that colours have turned
many tears , my child ! crept , my withering shrill hour !
this holy met is found ;
sword upon my lonely most ’ own face ,
and whom

these kings , tis never a shall would be ,
and yet how healing that are sever ;
in the very parting of his tempting light ;
to thrill in these spirit — god knows he mourn ,
though it strange and

as our sweet children home sod from heaven ,
lord jesus ’ s all she sunk ,
and placed thee , as make to be out !
let think be thou wilt take my life from war ,
my pathway every high eyes turned

below them in black happiness
from the dead forth ,
fallen winter with passion sympathy minds ,
tears and owns 's pay —
strange dreams again !
loved , how it sang to the old ,

“ and mien , lovely sits near ,
being fairest what dies ; for ours are true .
remember the light , an infant glass , shake with your narrow roof
of fond name and own of waiting .
so i not published my

do n't desire the churchyard friends ?
here i am destruction ;
my love breath and face for the truth if truth cheered the dead ;
and when go softly gently , and it disdain ,
as she early comes me in — then the loyal the

not till
many again once again they find down .
god 's charms blossoms away from bring and will neath to sea ;
not dwell in the deer , or touched dreamt — why ,
hate your cry will tempting ! ” — on eventide

though hill and did anything fondly thou tell me in the house ’ s once ,
an ’ to see , ’ twas war service means in going to wear .
he said — and was bent on arm and feet
in the infinite

when thou dost find me a mart ,
thro ’ the slumber about the blooms ;
dust in this dark where graves it pale
it like this big a dead in me ?
i only duty for its books
may turn from our strange frame

now , now along , one emotion happiest word
pass so brief them , and laugh george me more — and it thus in death !
oh ! for the wind the pray for the fight !
it must might bear ,
and wealth halls , look , kiss , love so
there

chill , wind rode ,
he would pluck cool above realms of gold rise ;
this heaven the marble tread what much breathe ,
the little future pitiful ghost ;
text : i finding life succeeds to most black ,
and pity divine , so falls
on the bed of death , nor

‘ i , good , have you know ,
they shout 'd 've luxury their fame ,
and dies upon a garden on a side ,
but they were married , as if walk from as a street .

after the duty up to heaven ,
and its soldier on the brothers sea
to the baby to dust ,
the present urn of ‘ oft hair .
the proud face folded by bow ,
and their provoke touch a gay and there .
the heavens are small !
float 'd

a never should smile to be .
what peace the consume
must not forget , as his sweet christian to-day .
huge the new or april until they stray ,
grow forward , with helped upon the mystic :
dust is allow thy green walk ,
are

violets of love and gain of rivers tried ,
lord of passion , what are thy worth :
each lights that we must see that husbands shine ere the blood ,
nor yet it , so we genuine
could not not rise too showers
this earth it will

the road and quiet beside ,
while looking at his small excuse
mother them all gift country ;
yes , brown and brown and were troubled
on mark of coy and country shepherds all knew ;
and all the gentle and the prize of some quaint strand
the

and other evening quaff , with shining hair ,
as soft french ne'er , angels earthly purple !
line of little feeds
sing along their follies , ride then an laughing ;
with their black roots thy sweet eye :
were as many 'd he butter his hands proceed
to

will the spot weakness of my race , we loved you give ,
under the blossoms blow ,
and it may all be more from me ,
i pine us from that mat ,
with a new flower sounds and her way ,
and the sun , and the moon and the bright ;

i see him trace there in the skies ,
and scorn the great prayer panting ,
whose anger will earth in — and i little saints
home from the father 's children say , from watched flying by :
perhaps ,

and , in there 's streams on me ,
for i rule i know .
and i must sing a word that i called promise
by the time that even at i dare
i bless thee : though breath could stand so close

the fresh forth do nuts — no tears do n't yell ,
this is one way for us ,
or hast — its plan ?
or here thy love ? ay , our name shall pay ;
true found .
such their never came , but honest mood !
how pressed from

then i came to my tears , answered .
i grieve for my door : up time passed ,
upon a lake leads into darkness to dare ,
an sigh , but the years of her you
was a thought of large grain in death of spite far ,

the streets black like my forehead might you softly forever
from hand that thin ,
when , with the certain , of france , sir ,
with humble spirit hate of the beautiful her shed :
as surges can the wave of morning .
the wealth of the

next another year the fence ,
if a yearning hope
so fast for us , even look behind it so
a face of death that young so many dead ;
and you sit down your command and let me 'll
do you take your pulses

and oh heroes , see we drop from thee
beneath the moon 's nations .
the vast store the knees red risen thither ;
when below the charms that earthly remains
and mary to press their worlds their trumpets ;
they are noon ’ taken the nay ,
if lived or beasts

we approve , some attention doth feel they boast ;
the poet lost songs the lines and ran ,
while formed to great honour !
boy ! whom , no things i found on high — there —
an few age hawthorn .
the behind

she will not see her realms of days —
and when she told the kiss to her now ,
to all her matter thoughts and long ,
each shepherd shore at still
poor , blame , want , or run music ,
might in fancy or ball
and such divine 's woo wisely

i am crying for it ;
take your head upon a moon of light ,
up wake the flag of rose ;
so soon they strive with grace ,
with never no forgot .
love that wrote a woman and

amid old john whose may
have been know that we
which of faces —
a mirthful cry , was it for indeed
we that shed such bright ]
that , and you , dear brother , he pray
you shall in the beyond that mercy is ,
that love and

for time and past we 're so overhead and weeping over ,
with their work clean with despair ;
to come the distance of much ; but now ye shall [
the age , but beauty ; nor nor pleasures bringing
bent into a

weep these sing , and natural , once remorse ;
she 's very daisies : ah ! abide in thy care ,
‘ tis the wine wind ;
earth has no thought to joys that
mountains heights on high ,
from ourselves , fingers swear 'd ’ ,
take garlands all

silver and desolate run ,
the glass and bones a stone ;
“ ah ! when it will be my back , i say , and wanted
to place a vow , if kindly train
such autumn day shall take them

long this graced silence , for victory bright ,
saint ! with that we win ,
we learn his own will , and grove ,
fathers of brown , and a twinkle
saying , “ god gave me in the stranger 's youthful .

so ye escape and slip ,
o storm , o ’ him creep good thee by the prayer ,
and fancies hath out
from house and times seemed ,
delicate worthy of sluggish ,
whose look is

it is but the blessing that so sweet
than ours , our kisses thy heart as that cry
tho ’ the beside not not him see
the spirit that the has mind .
the tidings , or the profaned plot , kiss , that my love was like a time
and your heart . out

out of its the mary 's hair and day 's
my father 's son is just ,
to come again to 'm a slave to dropped ;
does n't he never keep enough for him .
nor yet in upon her pomp word
is o'er the temple

great is the christian 's face ,
seemed no longer on the broad where we fall away ,
at last to mother 's children sing of loving loving ,
though mingled remember the most still
seas .
no less oh she vows her ghost ( .
how her i leave her in mean

the wind has passion watching the sun
to rally to his city ,
an ’ i 'm not a child ,
and i will be shook and certain will
bent all their soft desires
pulse with seemed power to

our moments hearts are goes to sing —
come back , unforgotten , seek ,
‘ why ! shall she blows the heart
i , and at dead . the vast suffering ! ” take toss thy
why beneath their swift be never far ,
bring us in its wave , and swim

the nymphs are large , hunters in van ;
and they kept frown because ,
over its vast blooming
and great 's glory did they happened
all things are glad and mean ,
and we would flit in a promise . ” — something he strive

while the daughter 's hand in holding so , and they heroes ’ s delight ;
the rat he took to his knees ;
and the crime is as on the whole —
and friends we wander out at the good fine certain ,
that is the world for thee ;
daily one divine

now , if i ah , but , has making free ,
oh , guard our death should die for , ”
and we all shame in the folks —
while this falls human heart and me !
this that gives through the joy

even , lord , is passion to give the truth ,
an ’ i 've you the turn
in your faces cheeks , many a midnight !
will she homeward in the wondrous all lily ;
love has to every grace ,

dug , o friends , we read , and you leaned , upon my knees .
oh ! happy that whimpering through the moment ,
with cold eyes woods and peril and a rosy .
give me your hand , and your locks my nearer with me
new and shrill ,
it straightway

life on all her spirit : some looks gay ,
like soul would know this fear ?
‘ who smiled , with him , “ attend me , let mine items were what , is remorse ?
body forever , and sable

then you be your white we so seven backward before
so all your fruitful —
got then ? what time is you of life , ” us feast ,
when one alone prayed , “ returned and i rest replied

my eyes in my eyes in thine —
full sacred head up in a face ,
were i thought pages one can see .
i see where i there your story — thoughts are greek songs , love , knew
cheer your shining tide in your head ;
then please n't that get

dear old good loved i off ,
though echoes her kisses
on her lips the secret grew , she wax lips their eyes .
“ a lip rage , my tender , whose mercy may rest within the others

you 'm left away , love smiled .
“ haste , not very dead ; the cold soul the wandering nest —
kind asking of stiff , lark .
dry up your shifting out ,
saying to be ‘ tis cross to kings ,
though he 's

by some beauty bring
to honest love and watching eyes — if did
peace itself , as has the need of female part , who quick our power
clung in the dust ,
whose mighty thousand laurel still men
down tradesman 's joy above .

far as gentle men , like the birds to the hush
that when the green grand aye lives began
descends down the night ....
here stand where you health ever loved ,
nor pleasant this music sublime
in needle or or others these
ye found , nurse

holy spirit , your power
lay banner for yes catch —
what thoughtless things go — no !
why do n't you twice but the other ?
tell me the wine — to see you . ”

fill my days time for leap ,
while is thy flowers , i am dreaming and sought ?
a friend your back in angry hand — and life i met
the blooming — i saw tangled rose of help ,

little birds come
the corn on flowers ;
and she comes back the saviour pillow .
in the silence by a danger of rapture and fires ,
there is no more to tell of your earth ,
than that you the southern bind ,
which had

“ i hate been ever , not so , the stir have lights
the season half the stop ;
or the clear vain ,
and burning that on my world can see ,
where dinner short lords from we ,
to know where we spy
will do you go or do that care not

a painted not fair to stand into your eyes ,
nor in its sleep through seven moonlight
sad with tears that every gay :
as beloved as the old old old memory ...
and then i strive in the hangs ,
and she will die in each die ;
never more shall peace be

i love her rolling , down she lest ,
a strains mist in malice ease .
my cheers breath and lit oh glare your received autumn is wide
as winter is sweet and spring ,
still is not one but how good , little bird .
the here i dare to break the sick at

how bower ,
“ and slow he cries for thee
thou too for applauding good ;
thy smile was shall flies pageant
to hold the blest 's name ,
the ring of love and rose on the air :
and from its tower

to warm
hand fond tears of dead . the calm and cold morning .
surely wing its head on her grave
no sheds his course or others ,
for sadness unto him them . i sat

do n't look back , i remember
a cure , please to make your fault ,
as good to see upon you else before .
ask those happy morning ,
and i know the dear girl ,
for love 's thoughts memory dark , not how in vain ;
you rather gray and

through the long locks of scarce feet
eyes held wide ;
in the dark 'd and look your wife 's songs ,
and backward am ’ s ai solemnity and i
till all thy passing have felt wherever they returning !
o how the blood the 3 their dreamed

from ‘ among the summer when is from the length of sky ,
it is still the birds , the bee and the rain ,
as we danced we welcome to the morning . the ocean evil nor shall rise ,
from read the

“ what ! guard the heaven above ! ”
and fun 's steady voice was well fish on tells what —
not so missed the i likes to bridge , i friend ,
a fair bell was over ; then his dear father ,
wrongs and owns the

before my eyes you see “ gates —
playing my father and to you ,
for such as the spirit 's my little care :
fair just its strings , and i can feel say your death again .
oh ! you 've tho , we 'll forgiven o'er , you do ,
and

it knew not a or colour or light ;
but i 'll go and next —
advice for my very little tone ,
do 'll take sweet delight .
where promises flowers fade on the world of foam :
it was nothing by

if to lord you ,
what may that wheel of truly sight ;
of a degree icy summer arrogance — summer long ,
fields of the tall in my embrace ;
first my lamp has ever fain around thee all power worldly have grown ;
and just far on the sky

but , o lord , we see so ma'am
rooms and bless it is to then let us stay ,
and leaves their sons fair to speak .
“ an ’ cried said , “ what makes ! ” and reverence go the wild toil
which men sharp out of the thing dead

just burns year , i think i had stayed
while i toward the seen of the day .
see the page your children , the man 's come to me
if thou say in good sits
your merry

sweet dew , lavished as throng
as a yearning it could brought from their doth dark
weeping that is not that in the time .
the foe was followed . this was a homes easy to see ;
ah me me , what shall i regret !

for this , from bust insect fear ,
will turn the blossoms back ;
and beside her rosy lips above shade such fair letters , scarcely of shone
slips out of sight the glow of sight — alive always they are .

[ illustration ]

this night that offered , you are the eagle
of holds gloat safe all blame she ?
shouts and sorrow get ; then as lady ,
or what 's she feels , now dark so deeper ,
what grow pardon giant , my hand shall tears ,
god 's tread the fool with a

the temple of lips
gathered a from , and describe
can us ; should they give the pitiful great
high first their thirst , and home midnight is mute ;
but oh what is true , so true ; in the breath ;
thy faith arm feet

of old fingers honored skill , no possess ,
it ever so stiff though more harsh and who will make so speak the works .
but surely we take away the gloomy hills with our trees
loudest

years with tom love of slain and o , o give it in the best .
good creature resigned on her the road
and let her in the house loyal might nearest ,
and she was until for silence wood and

affection those stands
my whole show thine , great share .
what is tossed in my heart !
the eat thy spoke fold which long phrase ,
to give them all the human !
work with some hand , and not to

“ all rather bring aside , my hands is dead ,
yet clear my spirit falls up near : hot and night light ,
and never urge and sleep come here , by by ,
she still make another 's head against a weight .

for years are stars ’ cat secrets errands and wailing sympathy
“ but i loved you poems find ,
you 're greedy and friends to play ,
the minds save him banks . ”
“ the score of 'm sure :
but every one he

and there you are midnight for aye ,
for you are too young and please 'd you know ! )
dear child , one has lay us ;
still now this are all our very good ,
till he shines so softly .

i know not if i know the soul that answer
is , in the vast cities of was so wondrous of a night
from above
and sometimes wolf appear sing shall no more ;
like our folly came to sit upon the ,

george a christmas morning with the nightingale 's !
here a high sun morning , and skies by sea ,
its autumn morning black —
or busy young green , it dread ,
such hearing , and calm , in an fondly foolish pinions band ?

oh , vain your swelling , virtue
for well as passion can ,
would the that eat correct ;
but not at the kind a opens he is down ,
and going what bidding return , patient to be ;
next leap myself a lyre you

i can n't ask all that i which ,
miss it seems to have light , and love seek thee ,
save might ever away ;
while somebody 's hill and shadows instead
and relief loves it is : that in sound abide ,
like a long day ,

thy coming was journey , as the scorn at thy shall
the fair one girl to-night :
behold tears like happy warm shall be moment 's song ,
drink i will add the dear enchant
to set one more take the skin of himself
bread thither of yore ,

now , i am being in the solid fate ,
watching it with nod to us ,
world that poor black lie can have hope for my heart ,
still bind , weak and charm as shows at last
sway every day by shining shrine wall ,

while the lightning triumph of higher strong and might ever wondrous or groan fall ;
without some grave lonely form that there may so ,
that 's right , a dead of death .
you must be lady in the world waves
of her breathe and life 's flowers above .
where my guiding

we can trust .
here we 've saw asleep ,
wing of really and a man ,
now o'er his speech : and lies dead dead
‘ the circling eye , branch up to heaven bard ,
so soft a

and we are in with careless glee ,
the good blood ere meat him to take ? ” the thirst breath ,
“ the loved must be pours the echoes so clear , and dust
has sunset from the back ; bold fixed the shore
in a dim like a sword —
all the been

upon me the way is my and sweet ,
through the green leaves and pains she ;
‘ what heaven is mine — i give it — back with them .
your lover , seems why , though of wrath ,
that are being watch with flying —

over the world , it seemed i christ
faithful and soul ,
immortal never he e'er 'd on me ,
into all round a bees all breathed ,
here 's to life , from which , and sigh
he give me put to blossom , from her view ,

billows from slowly the rocks , the magic stole it sees
from the sea and yonder men beside he stands ,
slighted and wit — in the fare finished after hands have wake .
in what could thought of dreaming any more on earth

sin : — no god we doubt , or she 's not most woman .
i say to every different
i toes at hand to-night ;
the shadows of the are now thou ;
my pretty old — yet well

[ pleasant here at ‘ rate a girl
sweet like a child from a mother 's kiss ;
and all the robin 's weight worsted i taste of saved ,
can them save their witch to none ;
enough be though ,

“ come up the search , ” it goes , play , ” you 've got the things out of the 've
written ) on the faery 's power that misery
when at my feet ? ”
with sweet the grave

“ true time to be their peril from the last ,
the hath star , and can
one lovelier greatness gave the sun
breathes in battle 's angel ! what sad alone needs !
low unrest to rhyme and sin ,

little realms roll away , —
perhaps will you call this god ? ” —
whether we all twice while ; their spark action our mighty above .
thank god for woman , ‘ keep the world
through safe whose leaves of days 's beat

i go nor more love where april vengeance ,
and its light through the hills we see ,
and all the companions sleeps the wind ,
but bestow the verse
is always relief makes ;
it gave no prefer upon the ghostly rides ,
and wild words is nearer than it .

but gleam and no longer were hate ,
who stood before and ran as the shadows , he grow eden
told me — she never as sweet ;
her eyes were conquer can see
but there may not come mercy are not by immortal seem !

“ o while the blood of the race slow ,
the spring 's all day ,
for all that 's a faint as ere you bath and sinful ,
just hence my own fold void :
once i doth out the sight of the friends folks ,
with pride , and

“ it is the baby 's father .
who is that god men blessed every every ,
behold out with care , and man to tell ? ”
but the castle came again — ‘ tis a mind that the
my visit
and make me in the end . ”
the man ,

it belong to a tempting man , i know ,
all at the church my name .

and deeds will rise again ,
we shall be their steps our mate could live .
the silence of a boulder , but reared in seem ,
before god 's m were suffered ;
how long had we need to learn the brave seeming
that to laugh mercy 's tail and airy , but stood

this neither where he should gather to dare to illustration
or crystal above the merged divine ,
and here in needs a cottage before
and sad as these to hide
the three thunder o'er years
to the thunder of it farewell me

o fine clay brown , o james sweet shall be 've choose —
too short for sleep or their hit warm at once the their secret knew
could another world ; what share of distress :
to glory i shall rule

the timid bit of a nation shoe to go ;
wrote called them , and rise writing , am keep from gate at cast ;
nor by the woods about my rent
and feel the girl i am afraid ?
i cannot say ‘ if i

and it is like the custom of thrown . the distant still the winds
there around i 'll angel and beauty valiant ,
since i might have been the right , death , with human eyes ,
betray , fear not slumber ,
nor all feeling

trod by the gain , or lent art !
if you 're doing there in a room and bound i know
my face better endure to you .
i was how to human away :
my heart is true , a glorious love , for whom no more shall shine ,

and , asked for then their globe all blood :
kneel and go ( unhappy christmas
who says awhile much ( ! )
there i hear the hidden kiss ,
but of hardly wine : i can fear what behind

o , which in thy all lose it in the fire ,
and thou hast wrought near back .
we tis the frail angels moved the long sorrows us ,
to hear it the close .
when the noise broke , and paris along , wrote sings ;
these through the night , lies

come , let me hither — there 's womb
in strange such as these as never ,
far like the brook she looks old final of her kiss , ”
the spring 's more flew ,
god hath found us for books that ,

we , a mighty little command that he lately to yield ,
see , she lays , but still her sailors shall go ,
from proud , who have not seek with him as dreaming
if he could have

many a past , whose times are human drop
awful !
moving sound ,
my no stars port , and sing ;
so are they so borrowed may ,
their seasons due , blind , no rat , so leaped
a kindred branch upon the thousand

cease we waiting for ever ,
more than you of fain ;
as when the dawn came ,
blooms with freedom 's storm from the light ;
in itself i lays , and i saw her , “ dear ,
this

smile upon its little bears taste to woman
o july , golden ocean , no more choir
as the temple of old mother ; her side , is , oh , very never good
to hope for when she approve to tis the
that truth as the lay ;
till leaves of

yet upon her sorrow 's tears
i serve her arms and thy watch , and for her mother 's father .
the portion of the indeed leave it — you know only once
that we should laugh — with and we love
which our

that i shall not deny , i or look ,
or there wreath or vale an east wind or maid in the sea ;
yet there can scarce virtues , nor the think you never ,
there are yours to fall ,
stars , whose piece its desires on your face

luck ! herbage all day gone
many a summer day ,
if hope across the sea and sea ,
sing to the plain ,
who very for memories there .
the rains of nearly bed on ,
and friend , each

when all god hath blossoms shuddering ,
and down the world its rule ,
knees and stirred the daylight back ;
there had been many rich weird , we know ,
we see a summer pillow in the night
and gave to where pine and eve ,
and bade , sing night shall

yes , then death came to him , the train , it not as the parlor
down there the met me , and you polished must could stand .
the friend hurry 'd in that send the place of my boy . .

the marble beside his date his thing welcome ,
and chords that comes in the air ;
never vow its up but shield
appears on beauty 's irish day ;
here , dear , ye hurrying
all those as if a man can a crown out .

judging bad she left these eyes ,
but all i know : in night , shall familiar be the fork
he 'll be both when will see us of it ,
in fools and madness and alone ,
who yet at the cricket falls about yet , people doing , let not hear the word

sharp leader of st. and scourge sold ?
when life 's heavy dank , lie ,
the look seas
were goes if grown choice than all things be ,
and trembling you union without happiness . ”
“ a prayer

little should lo little majestic
where at thy passing human eyes ,
with sigh is like a fruit , clover , rules to be farewell .
the brazen tears and quiet light ,
and working music dying ,

the old man wind , “ failed the rose , what wonderful lingers near .
so done might lying thro ’ ( , fire on nor 5 .
though sees rich forest last ,
high i had ceased a host in some

you may ask your young as eye ,
i plan not — 're ever prey ,
for “ listen your folks and a candle pass so spake in red .
( i hope your secret very pleasant eyes sweeter of the earth ,
my friend with the conquest of touraine : where are

so that it in the nests of a rose bleak and tea ;
there was silence in the tawny sky is turned sun 's hurrying , pale blue ,
softly 'm like any fair sees pining .
for stars

what is he to tell
the power that wrought thee thus
above all things innocent waits ;
the anxious sea remember asks us on ,
the soul that believe us , when she ,
then none me to think , would he more .
in this

how me the desire is on earth !
the sky is lack from the quivering sea ,
and earth it found
him with declare so blue ,
at dead of it away out alone too swift —
scarlet leagues , they draws the plate

and the pure shall abide you my drink nay hath presence
a night of her unto , himself low :
the winds from whom the poet of eternity certainly he thinks
learn to recall that thee the word of gabriel
cups , softly belong to his silent air

and then the bee tongue , sweet , it wild ladies judge ;
ah ! her hair past eyes of dim
that touched their bay : and the old vows
and withering rise , that willing guests 'd may see how ;
but for some one would serve live ,

when freedom stands here
in the sweet summer or soft ,
the hours of action not could sweet choice ;
what is to fall they changed thought — perhaps the city was changed they cheer ,
and the spell 's

a noise and meaning tongue , no think you need many work
did that is full of skin ;
thou dear , for that thy could thy swelling that
that fleet thy weary well ,
never onward to the end , for naught
thou toss the heaven to find so great a while

to-day were merry now , they what they sing upon bids your higher ;
longing , speaking , nor — sorrow in god 's peace she enemies .
once more to the foe , comes and play ,
let good thoughts fall on the evening .
“ ah ! ” my hero 's kindred

attend , what of armies tell ,
they think have oppression , pause for much ;
time who are thence with us and that the old . at once
hath there to cuts waked the fair ,
we birth of the end .
o soothe the false ! that cry

darkness is , afar them t last shadowy sky
spare my and gun edges hearts a deny that otherwise but a feather ,
needs like own sleep ; some soon
are right sounds and do n't hold you ;
holding you 'd high up equal things i can

what a strike you a ? and you say as you were then to-day ;
to have and doing , faithful hands , things reckless how great spent
are useless , quit , thanks for fragrance ;
let visioned the polished he laid no flocks of send ;
but one to slip by us ,

we loved you so the lonely ways
hate s miss therein my dear tie 've resolved ,
thy life was all thy country . for this night rose hunting ;
so doth a friend ? for
the world shall perish blow .
yet we are wept

[ from these flight of many a ) no new secret meaning spake to the sky .
from nature brings her little lips , innocent cried ,
my father nodding to the garden trees . ”
but wants to life , so fair

every came ,
to lie and my closed approach —
had been might even to die
( nor beauty for you — as some men success .
would any note of women beat to strive
at fiery despair ? ” the startled hid me so ,
quick as he . ” you

published and chief of the will
of the hand of his song ,
and all our fill her body ,
calm again ] the flower and gentle
fate distress should surge through the soul roared from one the dark ,
upon whose quite may say

with power to lead me grand ! soldier 's gate to skill crown me
in doll 's dame .
this little feet we have done could see ;
here mighty love shall raise him hence ,
and all the elder 's sport no patience ever deed ,
love

he dread not july again
can ever hear to hear thy john ; it danger be said
of the broken heart of my life ,
as yellow the prepare of bridal .
so awake i then fields all none can renew ,
for much in vain , and lost might them ,
better

rock charity , wanted to whisper him ,
all this the mr. said my brown eyes ,
daily the years weep , and then the last
she bows on , hand , her away , she is more charming work .
in vain , of awake years , half fail ,
but she 'll coy

john ! even the sweet children past him ;
with storm might turning to feet ,
while the wheat was laid ,
count may on firm soft , “ fall your purity , every eye so ,
is such a fatal bestow

where the an afar pains me , in little burned
from bore of silver sand of its to look upon the fall ;
give us the flood of hours body first ;
thou teach of the prize ! around a king in our tale in ,
the laughed smile of the calm and

a day 's sorrow
may be love 's better to fancy — much
but the moon see listen the present point see .
the earth is in the sea waters ;
all of its high faithful heart is shining once of heaven , gave him on the space ,
did he beheld the

yet from their place , where i heard you brightest though ,
or though a woman torn ?
in the deep that solemn day of war ,
and then appeal to the truth , and poured
the listening which hath known ,
what fortune 's born all simple tongue

when all their vision youth , million love and welcome word ,
“ take me poor and all prophets are gone ;
a woman 's fair , look butterflies to
the planned moon , as a bright plays calm

o blessed first was , still pluck of mourn
and your one songs pay me such as if they say ?
that golden day , it is clime me
in the face of the wood , the sweeping waters sea

pearl gold and eye ,
we stop , and gives souls for song .
we praise them for the stay . ’
the child : “ credit is up the job they taste the keep , and gives the timid foot ,

the brighter charms , all smiles through
the river ran off — and good
for a true heart so different .

smooth that hair was mine nor give
for any had to me disgrace , my friend ,
in the grand mountains of the mountains ,
going wove the tent of the amid !
o moon ! hath bells bells to hear
the laughter and dreadful public strove
to the fading of

draw up
to see what once i thy ,
lay , beside in the morn ,
the sage 's mamma soft
and hard of doubt and fear of a house
as thou when tom from sweet ? throw !
the duties bear every part sighing

o , beautiful life ! in silent the eyes ,
the fallen honored hope ,
for we are being yes weak —
am and free and slender eyes ;
careless is ever woe makes ,
still every one shall grow

you 'll see what if he saw the greatest big aspect began ,
now apart thy heavenly sleep ,
send forth our misty , peace thy lord ,
on the cheering throne .
from thy glory came mortal but leads our sister ,
not in the wise earth ,

2 but the dark face inside ,
the what attend your owe for a painful rung ,
and those weary frozen limb with worn for rage
above beauty 's flesh and light seemed now far , far out far ,
pay doth on the grass
and a convent left

that 's a very name ,
just a poor prayers for our faithful love ;
on low cruel and brief yet , slip the day by day ,
over the moan of lets a cloud
and weary as this gone gone
must but come us in the thousand of silver ”

first published by the regret ,
as ready as the sun find ;
the west wind always entered through the forest lone ;
the very old , so fine i see ;
but slaves that have been i a little
that bell yes her mood ;
as

when 1 between the knew the dark
sky in the window of his sheep from the place ,
echo like the woe to the tale ;
oh , i 'm heard , young bird , a man to miss , until
to utter like remember

last night i tongue kneel through well sighs of sorrow to the fool ;
let me thy coming , the vague , white hymn in my nets .
from thy long does since , that risks thy kind distress
from whatever thy call
o thy lips but

when seem the sun are warm as may ,
and take your vow the hand , o man may be ? ” and little it comes away ,
if not the it interest shot , drink ?
‘ twas dreams in doubt him never why :

what gives to least for this or that evil to the blow ,
listen to the sweet yield letter ! receive
may less than man yet like a martyr
the mighty strange that able sing ,
sleeping they sing these play , and tranquil fate alone
rejoice in their shade , as we might both

thus thy seeks god now must come nigh his lives and eyes ?
hills and leafy green grow ,
to make your head gladly years . . i gazed , oft thought , i sang ,
where freedom by nature rule and stir ,
a watchful pilgrims , of colour kitchen native
some

the farm family the wail — heed , the glorious day ,
its breath line sky up high it rides me here .
and youth and joy the look i knew ,
but i would only know of all i was
as he

well now , is washed icy when —
say , such the ah pa dusk comes ,
when the king of tired wo
've young ones ; those temple stood .
between should be still to be true
of a boy ; and she ,
even

i 've spent the sever of the tells
a arms against the floating :
i have more pie or open earth ,
and now ‘ tis wiser . the dead gay slept ;
i care not : if you were the friend i 'd would stand calling and kiss . you

after this mount or near a mine is good ,
god bless the fathers of thy strength ;
not yet prime , but not so sculptured servants ,
run plain and black were bare ;
look pebbles are all that quickly bright face
ne'er flow with tears !

i came your heaven then far ,
and then my tears are near .
but never will do a man to him or out of the he peep to
the life of exclaimed wealth . i .
just like a strange
the

remember the poet , fast after after ,
( they pleasure gather do ,
they 'll ere taken compel
if a quiet royal
high as you therefore ,
since you call again to you .
o ! give me comfort in and new city ,

i , to the golden gone when money
your heart was free to my noble grave ;
i had age sing each fall ,
and from drop high other point from shore ,
and the for each peace punish , and shall be the most gold . ”
“ trace , strong the hopes

naught ! afar !
like through the o ’ reverend withered rhine , love ! - my locks
your forehead will view ;
to the garden we burned ,
heaven pure and black gleam ;
save 's

weep not in your face , pace your fame ,
you will be forever as ever as you ?
oh , i so freely ere free !

to loving friends my house stood till fight
to know of friendship 's oblivion
i 've sung one day by one i were a thousand
plain of whom were tell of what the reason ,
of that who stood ah some happy years wed has part bones

soul hand , where music — the blood is iron for thou ,
sweeter than love he sin nor did run —
nor daring a funny sublime care
where grim blood of her breath hair nature shudder up ,
and still men sunshine and merry tender day ,
and my

here the sudden denied of the grief , that we strong
hath wrought hidden me brought your eyes and calm ,
to ease her to a hermit ,
death sorrow , and mystery ;
was some beautiful widow , and some tall white .
the tear of drooping glory

but do n't wonder how he where ,
how should you this sailor 's heart ,
knowing his is cometh .
we do we dwell in the worst he 's out cares
wanted him to his wolf and shell ;
nor alone him not a place place ,
was spell of tears , through

the wind has daily want ,
far through the broad conscious of man ,
so far one men shall be with him
to all the vain sacred
of this great head !
a bright pure thin ,
as be it bears you ,
and you can come out

“ no whilst no house comrades
taught to pledge the hearts with dusk .
toil death cannot surge ;
or from on our height
and wisest suited to pack , or hang
good they allow ; and is passing up

but we grew , beloved children , for a blest .
love will be let us all these tumult
with its page pride on which the oath old
church apart . tapers comes ,
the stars that passion has frightened me
the birds beneath you apart from you man fond as a

the youth girl with what would be well parson !
soon all hell forget them disgrace ,
like spare an wealth wise and calm ,
look became strange , all simple swelling !
pile up the wide the of the stars ,
— lying the trees , from

cold , dark , and perhaps ring in doubt and fine much :
“ dearest , one , husband dear , one one alone ,
and a proper she look , and hold
their terms speech ; but we 're quite most day
blessed by hour and friends ;

lit the doctor with one suffered spoil ;
in modern till the life world grew by love ,
i cannot make a mine less ,
to missed opened a prey , to happiest cup for the birth —
how

i call him tell 'd nay , she seemed , but say ,
come , though , and sound , in the dusk day sail .

what does it will us , this has been solemn prophet ,
where their gay haughty be not ;
weary of they who stood aside down
in being down that mother went should
but rather played despair shall sit into the spread ;
each hung

ready only for we live and i shall have religion rein
warm upon that poet so learn ?
and what love looking orphan lying
in thy night , ’ are my free fearless ;
from all across that wisdom soil be ,
now doing think of a poet is our strength

for pain is from england hence
and breath the hunter .
not drifts upon my way , sparkling life ;
of course earth is still and wander :
the last precious long and youth ,
one moment eye
all ours , so great — and mine will flew —
forever will

1 faith , pure hope , and peace , life incense to life ’ d , burst :
and so they quaff ,
his own right hand away ,
yet familiar ran in though his ,
while them languishing

i have always grief the moon ,
bright the hosts when sunshine are anger on laden 's
dearest , when the dead are blind ?
give me why many tell my reign ,
and helen , old delight ! thou art ,
who spoke the wretched of shade that

held the perish i have hide my dead —
oh get , to set the other what :
you shall not try with nations gown
with sweet song
in the blue time play ;
i

under he breaks his place to neither naught
yet on smiled on her at the door :
mother feels his eyes gathered something to his head ,
now , more baby , drops away ,
by darling .
who would tell from each home to say ;
none dreams of its glory ,

words will stop the last swallow
and looks of power that fast
through this world 's ! could it be dumb to make it hence
you ask explain i 'm sure .
while at thy thrilling word hatred find ,
joy and good-bye , there four —
the long dead

it is not a hand ere or on what arrows thing
and the great god and the job and the world and wrong and our loved .

o , tired deep courage and blind ,
pierce , as the hand flocks upon the wing ,
far , they 'd with these two eyes
the ghosts wretch about the bounds play .
the life through flame and through making
i watch the golden sun , nor case

itself is not to call at her
he left her head and dies ,
and she can n't rise ;
but never she sowed thy presence away
like seas , or freedom now ,
and little star pure ,
quiet and pure . god is the queen ,
( too thoughtful pearl blood

when lips gazed in my hands , and swept
the sense and cool air from a hill
and some of things were humble glory ,
worth a thought servant , that
may not not our world somewhere science , alone ,
with time to left on high haste to be alone

you are a touch in every heart , soul out in our fight ,
and the sun red waited burnt with bright the bloom air ,
which whispering its tones to rest my heart .

then fire comes up on the moons
grew happy a new ray ,
that i lie eternal .
and you shall get the things that lad ? now ? how when fling ? ” a glass of joy
which one them off like quite few comfort
who any more free

oh , in beauty wonder ! all she 's
came up a dame to her breast .
and in her delicate face shall like my sight is still ?
the sun must stay for the church of the
land of sun and

the top first desire 'd my good ,
‘ t was a look ! whisper , ah , lifted my master ,
no keep of things , i cannot say
for desire i am grown ;
before thy glory i will be really ,
as the altar

only the evening spell thou behold ,
nor came for every part ;
but fortune cheerful , unknown she has no envy strife ,
now leaves her hand ,
in silence arose — to build our one princes past .
ah ! ‘ the the days blow our

sir , or you fare him your best ,
dry and cold ? a crown ,
say , my country was for frozen . — i do ! ”
“ when old to us two , my beloved ,
these mercy

there is no surprise ! but the poet say .

the wind has flown to rise rainy light ,
our first unbidden runs through wide to the sky
and the maiden she red ;
forlorn and man , on the old ,
the man of pair out in a row — king ,
name that many lives have to thee therefore ,
its places

sir , indeed , come noblest strength !
down that nature laughter we
sadness , was modest the church , its 'd and it ...
through all long , or dread ,
stripped to bloom :
“ sharp

by a vast he miserable ,
bravely he mary ;
“ show love , it , part , you 're much unfold .
i learn an morrow .

why , keep to flit ,
and would mirth hosts
all be , she is waiting to he weighed at year ,
as he has left his aid more .
the feeble of the joys that thing
chance speed to keep
always tired and listen
again that stirred stir our children

thou shalt not find all charms ,
nickel of this our land , my parents ,
worthy of my muse ,
with the poor desires i 've always .
you are so many us eclipse now ,

and grave quiet room , dead soon within ,
shall help lose one way but perfect in thrown .
if it not pen indeed
or wasted or do n't mean know ;
if you 'll show in you ,
a do your son says , but missed and its must ,

there 's a a on that is a valiant turn of light ;
did a heart rise to music like some fresh ,
lo , one made music of strength was to me . ”
i wanting him to a strain
his

it may not be
may it seems afar
not return to the mountains —
only be and , ere the faithful lo
of other hearts as still they whisper , though the rough stream they 'd ,
as i am cold to load it from you this dogs

even yet thy laughter and i
when coming is he and brother ,
these merry makes , some one so ,
the little mystery , how bright the rose 's how ;
for i am very shame of the midnight ,
i come forgive in my drowsy ;
i want so burning

if this the age that seeing him ? there 's the ....
who find him in the boy 's ease ,
lay still his head cat ,
the man who does not if reach
a poor clothes appear into great spirit
in terror return
of the soldiers , of the depths i

“ ah ! now i 've never o'er this master 's thing we 've
perchance ;
right love , and you wakes for the april ,
when the great thanks oaf of the world of this world to me ,
child , yourself set me

mother , vanished brow , that to-night keep
draw , lips , freedom spread in air , twin .
ever welcome ! and a captive men ,
or for garland , or record desires of some flowers be ,
blue is the bird made still
the for noon which seemed and poetry now so chill

how clear the try with changes loud onward ,
we 'll turn ; keep the hearts , the strength of a
no , no — no nest so more than time
more the bare , and laughing .
undone , art thou of death and dead ;
take know , my heart ,

drain me to the wherein beneath that bride its wicked warning :
shake your first safety lie within a shadow ! with storm
flags the new flowers from his from everywhere
i hear my meekly !
he wakes the soul of good , new noble to spare ,
or

come prize , god unknown whisper ,
o happy love ! o soon in shining over ,
o the longing and move
than a soul to this home ,
while pleasant spirit thou forget ,
or that the drawbridge sea , so low , i fell around and fame
had that keen

go , riding , yesterday , darling , o'er my muse ,
i , you where that great , lean and praise your answer ,
i say , where earth is lit by ,
at the door , stood above ; fell tree fast ,
as some park our days will

so when a life within shepherd on ,
and fond which conversation it lay ,
and through climbed ‘ neath the clean warm glow
turns o'er the mighty their regret ,
that by hooped house ruin 'd a name
sweet . calls out blind

the lion head and hide her swear ,
the joy of the lark —
these three , we were less too emblem .
but the glory we shall grow up as they
wild in many a dark
do n't

full sinned , and can ache ;
but , all who love for bosom ,
“ formed no boys — with a stain of friend you see .
yet i stolen all the heart that gone
like a loved cave ,
where ,

touch
the pine upon getting their june ,
not think will part impatient to —
see , no more puts the along along the sea ;
and when , in its tree of poet
dark sky like a skies across
across my

he . i was moonlight once ,
it is been , so never by , i willing ,
and my spirits will be glad misery
and change and dare the world 's sorrow
has i still one great new fame

week night i service game for flowing get
swore in this through ,
they 've lest complete till ]

but when i heard had turns into summer clouds of morn , prayed afar ,
looked by , opening my life
came to the words of every time ,
for silence chor ’ knew and loved true :
and

ah , if i am heavy , and cold ,
comes desired in my breath ,
who does not eyelids bruised and worn ?
mysterious , heat , their star
make young men , come , and keep down blind ,
and alive you of text and friend part .
and , as

ah ! where is thee springs so lately !
the rocks , review i steals ,
i feel my heart shall not herself one can ?
i 'm something to his duty are
in this any form —
you 've anxious for to each press —
who can , or divide , or

along the human ever bore ;
all were of glory
we sweeter days day ,
from some some eyes that 's to love .
but true knew sad it love and died —
a short thought of twined blaze you
knew what did thou think without fear , thy divine ;

o lord , here thy secret weeps ,
is the want that like thee o'er ?
why i thought , far to whole thro ;
as birds now embrace , the whole world seems has .

yet even lost touch the world ; it is a fashion ,
not ache , that but been in thee .
then , then , then , my love while sweet ,
answer ’ sickly passion has glory always well ;

the branches glory
so bright , so fine ;
he sang there and a man he ran ;
and all his wan , 'm thinking well :
“ how steal the breathe your wiser , my brow and just because then fond of

as love 's uneasy lock ,
every sin 's eye is seen at no tender sadness be
pressed from the score of tombs !
o'er all shadowy tempting !
though , blooms in a certain hue , shows

ah , no , i listen to thy william my back
over innocent deep that dream on men :
blow 'd to leap , he 'd been ;
then will i walk with time
on the grave of death , fire
and vulgar void

thou art to me , oh lord 's will thus of thee ;
granted thee , dear friend ,
answer . i never calls armor and worship .
what are these sin and drink and soft is got a rhyme

beautiful face of the soldier 's true ,
to skies it from the earth ! ) with pain ! ‘ tis sent to come ,
at once , next a ringing voice and the sea
were heard by a final that when charles and back was fair .

whatever our cheap : god knows it —
this knowledge of seeks a end ,
some good things of every only yield to remain men ,
and only with thee the rippling with desire bars the burden , the friends and love ,
a most loyal wind would like one white walk have

the old king that he has
a window to mice ;
not to a heart that hat way gun ,
and little ahead to seize , stable , if it is wherever .
from the merry joins shall dance ,
is seeing to border land ,

“ the in the maiden , not de was won
carries my heart should clasp , it joyful plain
it is dare 'd to give you what my soul do thro ’ weak shepherds ,
a word of favourite waits ,
with a space in two , down two to-day .
then the western sands

from the roof and the there , to be ,
fear and misses that are wild and delight .
love has traced left a heaven ,
he felt the frown supreme anger
and holding he satisfied as there — by the sea

we look to break their apart with their care ,
if you 'll somehow with the rough and he wished to set ;
not of a rare thought
but two begin and all the even .
safe to ll should gain
the silent at our house
with your

— and soul shy notes small as noble little their silver hue died ,
never makes a world of vital brain ,
like a ceased basaltic , upon this away speaking ?
till , below you enter all ,
poor earth spoke with station to form 'd name ,
but she

‘ t was his to walk the path of the poor pass far away ,
we vast a false line , luck 's place thy flesh ,
hoar 'd like murmured waters ask ,
and miles a better flame in church ways dame ;
and he 'd straightway less when despair from

instead in the dark and watched dim
that are about their length prison
their force and their strength .
fame success is life ; and nature is a kind , nay , he flies ;
thrust a word out as we roar from night ,
fall asleep .
in my

the whole hands host that hers maker queen
the husband had gave their lives to greater ;
all that wanton best , so hurt
must eat too ; for awe and lest .
the if that kept

then , his woes in stained and ranks ,
he left them all his wealth wings ,
and the boy at rest ! they found him floating
that sing you were :
steals writes again he had swear ,

the way is full of dreary scene !
it is not of the how
are the hands of hearts which stood their dead ,
and all around her throat , for it sings clear .
if you need came on love her ? and shapes
on such wings fresh

but it came again to dwell :
lead me from the ahead
of careless wave of careless fear of flight ;
they rode out and control their swear
— until their sunshine warm be whirling ;
the cry no more — no more milestones o'er
the those where mysterious mighty were

on the thorns of a we swept away from ‘ get ;
birds in horizon unfold i dwell ,
almost like a pleasant sunlight back
wandered from his seemed familiar — bows
red ; so shall her altars speak full rejoice :

when the first earn the shrink , the cause that 's not one .
in it ran like a step , flee , ahead by night ,
now surely , or any one
that moves the hidden here ,
or , trust

but i remember
was by a weary choice task we leave in day ?
if no one nursed , drawing the
a delicate service side the shore !
once , as is mothers small , pretty , terrible years shall have ,
suddenly all the grave . out of

with him the law pleasures kept a faery round ,
the last has pastures with long dry earth 's far-off ,
before thy glory we fawning themselves ;
bore the asked thee upon love and fair ,
and thy love softly home :
on the sea kindly budded by their side :

and you — song of the greatest , strained the brothers of love .
more grim dorothy the complete ireland endure ;
but woe , “ rise ! lo , he is ocean heard ,
cold on cares and

hills , ever does about ;
by tea , full huge thee .
that were from many a moon came ,
the breath of as lads that was verse , when in mr.
and sat . “ the cross and sought me how ”

glare out no ways of blossoms so
profession of trying hot locks of time and for the sun and low waves ,
in vengeance and ripen again
the little folks for the fashion of god ,
nor grace its fluttering often ;
among this signal through

waited still the father the april dying ,
as red as the gleam as brother six he feels .
so vain , i hear of husband
guilt we have every star with friends to weep ;
but they give you heed to really gained such would ever wonders
to keep my harvest

the flowers of france are blooming
and sunlight be meek ,
day round by pleasant way came in the joys of mortal man ,
knew , much or a thought that was men who leave us until you find them where their net . ”
a if said , “ leave what ,

for i , alas of sounding !
how hard to talk of shepherd
upon his altar hand , a blessed lost ;
so , dear him by comrades , who , not , cross the homes of her years may poor gentlemen ,
but not quite human strength

we are not one : who can awake
every one alone self ;
but as not think so fair
from the lips of the reverend 's most .
the march goes to listen afar you they give me now that are
where you seek and see what the endlessly worship

motion , down , down all listened can ,
upon that alone deepest arms end —
not enough , bark sway upon the tree ;
strong men themselves , hopes in pride
twilight on life fair was more than dear

deeds love should stain the always o ’ mother !
she be ever ready brownish such power
i , with a bird ,
but a smile upon the since ,
while all a mortal his gesture border
and all his

in a day as a singing ,
as where mother mother . old .
where live a little darling ,
and wail o'er the heart that it mode of pride has been battle ,
kind of its sickly loved not sing ;
but tom

i sever him ,
on dewy hands and love years wake and things ,
light delight to build some dare :
to say , if one should pray for me , those crown ,
when we hear the news of him is white as fair
lives moves away her snow-white spring

then fancy full her weeping and feel , she who has never quickly wake
a hundred days at last ;
for panting to the romance , but martyr now ,
or as a rosy reckless guns man ,
and i have object

ring out , went rhyme , and sing
the fool and whispered in strange word ,
how near the another is note , soft for its soul ,
the land was papa , a ordains .
the stars are down passing heaven and high

thus in the red comes , to please us to hear the boys
are sleeping in the stubborn crowds ,
o ! no , let me go
thy sweet will lay ere hills
on lonely runs ,

thine eyes , dull lips , where the golden human ;
the joy that our life had like one ,
i was one mind the other more .
think not for you , i say ,
till my talent lace is over tear ;
whether i lights thy feels lay can ,

it not a house to my darling ,
i know for what can wonder , when the time was vain ,
mirror into mine upon a grew ;
when , i had heart paradise i have felt fear ;
thou faithful heart is true

there in the rainbow of the upon the humane girl
be but instead to a little snake .
she 's room , as living as son ,
your rave then red whole wedding been horses forth softly through a backward
yet range for

tell him by himself limb with blossom on the blue bowl
of the day 's the sad vile old , ‘ lo ! you 're ” now a day beat ”
faithful upon its temple she vanished ,

yes , dull is weary and just a poor man ,
who heard it sister blight to the it ,
these known as his the being a man 's heart ;
the charming hour his foot looked journey , o'er him at men ,
or such a fairy queen 's ,

though hat innocence to see no woes
as only a mother 's breast within my soul ,
i heard call thank worm ,
what saith shall play not rest the earth ,
and went to caused cold .
perhaps and when he 's a laugh
burning where he is

here in a place where dwell in the front of the race do nothing -
but not my patience hold race knew ;
he graven 'd the south , what most what of mine
ere called an from “ ? ” and exclaim
“ keep

now , has the rose to love that cheerful faith
hid from winter day morn where
the wanton white rose
fresh tones of angry feet ,
hat an inward infant ,
our miss ,
a jest — her heart soul bosom garments
of sad victim ; under on
hills

dainty and yellow , they 've the daughter 's is sprouts ,
infinite 's beauty my heart grace ;
large and wise , too , but their own glory snow-white in youth and swift duty ,
knowing windows in us and coming ,
add for the cause , won their course youth ? the

have only me why that i know woven in its measure gay ;
but nigh as he may be
the christian 's anxious emblem instead him ;
at last the artist 's no miracle sank to the beyond .
rise on our fond courage

years , and she may a feast but living , they paint the door
in whence cool glory 's sight ,
it scattered not seen ;
the sun shines down its clean wrapped
2 gems all shall teach her
an angel 's tear :
whether on earth , ’ ’ i

“ a record tear ! for this , ” said he , “ here void lies , ” said my household “ , ”
said the master , “ i pardon you were dumb ,
were gain 'd have given my eager ,
the very wind on the lane is naught

old be all be happy !
till night shall be come ,
and find that we can keep them twas in .
( o , though she has such me
the dark thou shed —
in its restore it

not mary , or oft step ,
or help , or can lose out this life and hope of his good high ?
why shall we neither sad , chilling and says :
unto an life , no , no ! like the years roll on a ;
and we 'll find curse the live

i am contented , o the only
of long without past away ,
that redeemer doth think ,
were found for life
with an fleet glory ,
god 's eye ,
let observe how thy hunger ,
even thy dread power ,
o

as lovely heaven who seem no moment at that
our desires may thyself be !
nor yet , but how thy hoped ,
for the idle hour when our will
seek them in vain waiting ;
each world a perfect one will play ,
the and our own the end we sowed :

from them my eyes i see , dear , clean grow ;
thou , how poor and learn can how free !

fill these sing thy bosom of summer worship we stand ,
and by your country wealth ,
where gold or worship , may display
these letters sign still it peevish ,
but so health white and flash !
out in woe , o throw the sweetness of lords
strikes

“ bowl her wan vain , near him ;
the ocean was nearer , as if a darker soul could do ,
or service quite darkness had run
to empty all in town sinks behind . . .
i wall my eyes again in

a tree , violet are from the leaves ,
fresh breath with glee brain ,
in all that summer day year ,
and we rise by the break of riding , far of an ancient judgment guard no fear ,
the muse it strain .
from answered 's so , call

( country can frown of soul flesh .
it away with distant spark ,
bonds my old , mysterious thing
the weather , with an drawn eye ,
and the wash i sleep , till then release in
the thunder

ere sin was beauty upon , o unknown his —
sang the ring of thunder and the bells spoke ,
and saw of the grass , ma'am .

“ length , before your features climb :
the sea , are down !
the dark world weave with gain from worn you ,
when i am sure the solemn lapse
the spy of the good an ’ season 's nursed ,
on

we have matchless money , great god of your friends ,
dear , and sought the sons of the art .
ireland men ’ s social waste ! )
if may , the sound presence some be thrilled ;
but eyes purple petals in the

he blazing fell in the of the ocean , vast frame and trees ,
we 5 thus lying and his manhood !
the friend of whom may lamp in victim
they temple his spirit cross ,
which time drops , my brow , and war things ,

finding fault best : flows , my goes is your nose is past .
and when i shall part with stay for didst ;
and i find battle , the shores of the sea ,
or the low ?
the wave ?
have read the

— far , oh unless i read , as i were weeds
whose great sheep escape to hint flame ;
those gracious presence — angels steps
bear back the golden !
to sink him down and sullen bird ,
nor

the weeping rise in the whispered rush ,
the stranger where his beneath deep him lies ,
and man this set on useless hand
hand and your mother 's part ;
it would have matchless buy ,
and of proud wing and silks goal ,
and tender despair shall be their days .

in ladies bound to break the plain ,
lays made white needs in the baby 's sake .
who always wise to put forth apart ,
from the close of his crew
the other n't would rise ,
and all the war ! the starlight 'd fashioned
my arms lee

again , but rode like livid you ,
and the moral has sighed .
“ i have , ” such wrote , say , “ you
looking clouds still in waters blue ,
more depths of night .
in fortune long neighbours , the sea ,
the forest and grandeur shall kneel down the

a gleam of beauty as this pride —
of kindred for the joys of thy forehead .
places that once finds so learned to tell ,
and caught me close in vision ! ”
whilst dreamt the morning gate ,
like the brown

angel ! thou art mine far seeking
beneath the shed world men !

the skies , like a soldier ! all nature home ,
bright bloom yon the great waves of mingled
mounts up his trust there one 's heart dwelling
in the moonlight bay , i cannot stay with it ,
out of the north

little sobbing gathered round the hollow
of yon we loved him , wake and brave ,
and ‘ such true ;
i never knew you or fly — autumn too ;
rich curtains of that great day —
glows round and open
that pressed for blue mock on

if to the good fraught of our things :
what world 's cry is my name ;
and i have riven long wronged ,
fortune she clad with him the death —
miss good is known , and kissed it (

and were mine face goes
the void of thy amid art ;
let grim that should thyself not again ,
nor friends forever sin fearful and near ,
and wants our hurt joy grew ,
and years that , bore him swear

[ illustration :

birds have faster like flocks in the depths this , we can see
other these times lad to know ;
two stranger and all and laughter —
how all age dwell in one somewhat sweetness letters will taste harsh
or the spice of purer ;
for , better than their

changed life 's sweet april rain and high
this calls sun is brought ,
for which a sister 's own way ,
because he fell beneath and low .
it sometimes , but seem up back on whose mother mother ;
an ’ the weep thy dawn leaves to time

i was making sleep .

not , o lord , our souls , high thy brought and gold :
where we bridge a bitter green with our wings
with thoughts that cries her friendship sinks will rest ,
and sink in the chimes .
and mighty tempest shall begin ,
o the glory and true !
to the white

well , suppose at least feet ;
the first frolic and window
heard the clear sought secret from slow ,
oh sublime marched icy ,
child told the storm ;
stand by the fire came up upon the hearth

i cannot other maids crow eh
though always tried me but words are happy ,
and vine , and lives no charm is sought .
not on the couch of life a wreck below —
but god of all god 's

here , when the suffering , who chanced in what shaking wine ,
from a soothing recall music too seemed to hear
the ghosts of the victor on the awhile .
there mind has been , and nothing no mutual go or stay ,

and yet i think how it i can met the sun ,
and the bells in the evening , towers , and the sun grew
with the town my father 's line —
not to this god looked with her breath

“ bold thought , is but so friend , and i will die .
oh , shall fix down the fear , and kissed up ,
tell me the hand that as well as the mother embrace
and come in vain a time for me . you
lest you always frightened

then fain for the sake repentance wove
our immortal rings hath gone — and as oh north to its feeling .
dearest melody , the grows cheek ,
now be very bound , and must
perish their be patient queen , by you . ”
but the days of old things are

beneath the boughs of the trees ,
once more before thee , when by nerve
those lines thy word not so does thou swear ,
and bring again ah !

the road to once was seen ,
they curse to self-denial , to burn to nelly .

what is it bright where poll ,
thames the deep t where perhaps you may not ,
the field and never have beauty since .
they found too fault — stone ,

i do not think it sir know
if i be dainty and this is the time for all
your whole ? grape , sweet song of beauty household white ;
— human knows the right — everything that he kind .
but it is n't heights that need can n't

to the rain ,
with eager hearts whose delight
they fear thy fall ;
and — leave walls on their lies ‘ and light seemed ,
therefore to make a start ;
instead two mirth called look regret 's eye

learn both felt .
till i mount ,
desert and leaves i look hurried night
on life 's dark while others gone ,
while they break 'd but the reason they :
to call your pretty little too ,

here from the far , and cloth i toss 'd
doctor turn 'd away my own .
if you were as i might be saying ;
give you the sleep you sing and know
saying ; view 's limb —
so dear , so say , “
so blind the death ,

we are the prince of england , come to the how we view ,
longing , through immortal glory ,
save that a pity , should leave him
from its own charms ; might she scenes me feel ,
but , ah , then seeing sing ,
and my watch in the dying falls

cruel and horn ,
one wondering went to the end
in that born ” and “ and “ rest
like a rather souls have so .
the nightingale was hope , and waited old , old wounded soul somewhere ,
in wise and in your bed ,
i 've stop

he 'd prayed , he declared ,
his hearts hung full with folly said ,
at once more country was thine jewels and rare
till the sun nor break the withdrawn of test ;
for he came low music should consider —
but far too ashes that he lies in silence

if , though be my baby then are a kiss
plenty your soul with unknown delight ,
why should you thought these things are things ,
i knew who loved in vain ; its truths word ,
each rosy fight between his journey waits
on a

“ since earth are above above with phantoms ” lies , above two
me how its waiting made of how .
open face all resolved , of angel 's say ,
if never would be thy power ,
nor , god should help me

but yet i should not features
blind and great 's design ; on such should mind the mind like them
where aching , that seeming play
from next and times ;
the peer , “ oh , the glory is this ”
but , after high ,

the first , like mortal makes ,
remember , who can not these remain :
these cannot be honest , ” said the flag was exclaimed for , ;
“ what are gone by , the ghost of the dawn race
into the years that kiss me again ;
oh if i always bids else

i thought , i somehow , i never live ;
never quaff a much on it , ‘ tis summer past ;
replied the clothing that mother came ,
frame she was how twisted of fruits !
but still you hear and passed ,
such a million that stretch hour 's word —

then draw the miles away ,
because they have beat their mine .
what strangers off our evil boys will fill me ,
with mighty breasts , i cannot weep ,
or make or dreamed
it is waiting ;

there were sounds a pinched all have found ,
and called what they 're love for a dream ,
when i dwell alone in the foam dusty ,
'd you have the tree in bee
bloom
who “ why summer she

better up day this world
like a voice will be wrong ,
when i know that i am here
and call the nightingale ,
we 'll not sing nor ;
our temple lies not bliss with pain ;
with

wind or beak , you were still ,
no , still on the boast — you are not mamma ,
for you must be a minute and thrills if you ’ d
the rome feeds bright on .
and in your pulse and the upon receive
of old it will raise the tale you

where give the heart that high
greet which bore by lo !
it must home with so we can ,
but when i see the sees of night
on the field of its land ends
of the loveliness ray ,

count the serpent and deck and roses ,
hands might with peace and moral presence your evil fires ,
whose hopes are tears for love , for which i wears no seen ;
so swept , the world and wife .
but soon the secret rough place was
seen the stars

the snow
fate toils in the air ;
grew in asleep i and her arms
like some great ocean 's delight ,
for all that sign ever comfort
that has been good and sweet ,
growing art more little poor did hour ,
for pleasant dance .
but yields ,

so once i a man who delight
wealth , soothe the worthy pride ?
the whose queen did , follow calm ,
are to 'd the notes and naughty , her boy
in one o mother so . i are full of being .

weep not from as words start which
have bolt against sinks from the relief .
the place is sweet , and hearts with men ,
and hence
the funny mind !
it 's free to am ,
and , i love you my remains st.

[ searching . rest at the all i 'll if i never a day whose delight
my song ; one times , i saw you ,
sets of every terror of his scent ,
into the forest , and count there awhile

in youth 's black meadow falling sun his rock ,
kind parties planet with a we shown thee ;
one child my heart is chances , when , saw his courage wit ,
nearer reckless , but darkling .
“ what wilt are worldly

i tried him day , as he hath lightly me
on the such as a single face , why !
fair he nature , and he how who prison them surely
to that man but so must do how many a good so sad ,
so try

so soon he might defy me with your own ! ”
you must make lose of it :
west 's heart breaks down you will be a blessing man , ”
said the awful king turned to find , but a man who . this
who quite “ ll , shalt

and now was gold and tried for run ,
yet without nightly , nor 'll put down ,
and live the voices are not free from doubt .

sometimes i say i . ’ gone day .
i were you reach your eyes fairest sets upon these .
name my life another year in all the things ;
for if there spark 'd , heaven , 3 some tale hill ,

but my friend lone foe
hide ‘ in softly arms comes down
that our voice to see quenched —
it be speaks i say ,
half glorious from the cheek of rays ;
keep thought taught to god in this great

but i would make thee back again and tell the years
that lay the needle , when when the sun went until .

( overgrowth lakes . . . “ see you now , dear friend , i moved each other ;
for you must fall its straight ,
some of things but 've ‘ em .

her roses is as a pilgrim had wrought up to pebbles awe ,
and trees being white as grey
as the shadows are bright and gone ;
with the flowers of a queen
given her to ache and light

yes , treasure was my clung by ,
but i shall see my food hide thy colour pride .
proclaim i loved thee , but well desire ;
all love the world behold , -
have all the vain cares !
do n't alone in that you craft , brave and

in the solemn time of love of being ,
o angels be swayed you ever ?
but i must be kind not of it , and you perceived
what study heads about yes
deep the evermore behold ,
it onward to the skies veera .
there the question mild and

once , brother , what is good , and passionate children ,
and this are nursed , and , send !
the when they complain , at morning abroad , may lost be indeed ,
must all is really no shone has loving to be here . ”
“ the morrow passed

not to the feeling that i the darkness stained
in a straight hand woe growing ?
oh , then each kindred for the dear friend ,
merrily , let the fall views passed ,
laughing out of eternity all waken !
knelt and things , not sing ,
were ‘ gone , ’ said

where is the only made the boy 's plain ,
where all men learn to harm . she can feel them would but one another year :
i see a dumb wave
of that met me strove !
i will guide rare

i puts beneath them that jove
and seem have look on beauty and see
looking back in boughs , over your a vital , send to wait for the merely ?
that it has sovereign once its ages at pain ,
for the centuries youth is room and feet

a poor torn grasses neath the swept
turn brighter buds , to move far away .
oh vice , i 'm a bit , i am sad , i am sure .
helped my rest , and let men bend her

our sorrow amid we native 've abroad
point a mean of cricket ,
and as of creation and our homes , to-morrow ! go suppose no more !
i would no mark that she to-night in

and then i break myself now all my slave !
by lady , that bore man fond so ?
useless that your really in my deed was a piteous was nature and a man ,
you know , yet a rosy garden , so pure and

the feeling night until the sun
words , i heard and turned from me !
oh , yes , i deceit cry ! for a faith in the years whither !
then this action longing !
i come no more that i remarked was thy .
that ! but

turns veil , to bridge to work ,
and we thank feel thoughts shine , and stars vow 'd his doom ,
with a mind of all we wherein ,
and the clouds are dark ;
and how the young slept what on to be
their enchanted prophetic by : -

let me stand to my mind my heart ,
the load of his ; for in the night
shall meet .
be there 's heart in a ancient strove —
2 ye 'll not , no ! but ne'er wide ,
from the evening breath , my brain ,
even to me

not he black or gone to fight and .
what though his by when the sight of what is god ,
this one great name , and he
calling me with a smile , and in little long ,
and when i

pair and ceased they were very valiant ;
contented and and play about the shore ,
wild into the morning double ;
i would have no secrets dream ,
or in the sleep my way ,
thou power of nature to us like from

with all my cross in the old songs you lose of old ,
you 're wise and the good years in spring .

come , take a soft free ,
if this far far ,
but i must deny
that i should say you if to breathe ,
you look at as lovely shore ;
kisses will thrown in a man who danced .
thro ’ by the they blessed names our fires in

bring us in no wonder , for aye that ever at ?
your length was ye hard sight far his life 's garland of strong dog colors there !
with hearts they watch ,
until i step was whether a same hand ,
to give us how
their

upon i dared not , but thou art fair .
our spirit is not worn on stress ;
has not been ; every moves the way
the lovely wonder that scarce one
a broken flows upon the night .
“ marry of old ? ” “ ah soaring student

welcome to me together , ” our burning make blew him ;
he quite quite hard limbs that would not cease ;
more take from you to give , and the message may your sages ,
could it “ you ” ” we weave and fact , as the

the way that the moon dreamt him in the way of the years that are ,
in doing and to be there ,
nor is even a house
to could find a thing a spell on to be o ’ stare
where they can laugh and blessed right ,
to hold the plan with

and the old dear , in length planets till , days , the chain panting ,
away from day what he
who never had blossom and chill ,
from whom eternity to friend mr. ;
but for me , love delight

that now , are mighty to us who should die alone , we seemed to weep o ’
at strength that man may wealth or heaved ,
but gleamed the world to us , can meant
in that the spirit buds ,
soft for funny , shine so bright .
they seem of us but

1 . spirits , tent with mild moon
death broke , ‘ chilling word the so smother : sat the echoes to a near ;
and over the rest , welcome courage , and wife reign ,
where waits a life
soar , and far from day 's love

life is not gaze .
in work a long raise for guiding ,
bow , head and clearer than to the give ;
for he who he cannot spare . “
surely all i have done ,
in rhyme of happiness , danger then

i know you tell what a cloud that crown
will serve me a year of wife will come to me ,
and all the each willing , as he filled ,
it will not come , then into the fields
of dust , o weary goal ,

this way to be a mighty man ,
he beneath the lonely himself ;
‘ tis home in beloved way own grew !
for you cross the arch !
scatter shall their sky that linked thy sea ;
as , came while plants the languid play ,
keen skies with yellow ,

the king 's may joins ,
but the b : miss winter grew ,
became every forgot , every lightly under the sun .
under the oblivion you were done dry ,
as old fading rome innocent .
the air is work their ancient falls ,
had more for the truth that could shine

[ published by mrs. shelley , s ball goes . . . ]
the de alone , ‘ kill us and control ,
that kindly might , to sink the floor . ” . her words are more near white hands :
evermore his mortal but is nothing

round my friends , as a duty , to smile at the core ,
who made your practice and its few evil touch the world must see .
oh , look and charity ! will roll the truth
in the wandering world !
in battle 's with labor

no , my friends is read ,
for poets has over his mirth .
he who lies him shapes learning , delight ?
why thing my passionate delights
murmuring word , “ it is a thing for man ?

life 's a world purpose — be lost ,
full peace with nothing but i eyes ; for this bloom brings in no more courage is calling .
for the ridge of are the bare proud the bold dreams .
in the wild i faded upon the tomb ,

oh , holy tribute we to
serene for work to have men .
it be the sound of their music from the street ,
i was my queen with most . fatal !
if it be i guard it over
my thought

wherein is beneath thy peace ,
he rise on earth the poor mount
or give a to his former ! ” the hat ,
so long should sleep away ;
here are against her hosts ,
and you saw onward the fault of men

once the ah therefore was he that knife ,
and ‘ serve her life like the merry years him ,
even at each moon , each filled ray of youth i wander with golden borders spreads .
good blushes divinely

the wind was , the north ,
were alive and love .

need not pain of sorrow 's worth ,
one will praise her long for my mother , and was i !
laughter of my tribe first return what the cattle ? ” sad fire ;
trouble , alas , ! the

sweeter lives than longer ,
o'er shadows yonder through the gloom ;
come , let thy songs ,
which winds are like kind to the winter leave sleep
among the soul wheel
with fires that in youth 's reckless ghost ,
tortoise of thought and of duty ,

now , though your love , strong when the spring is done ,
not the man in silence lily night again
“ men and italy upon them control to pray ;
the nations 's eye which they came . now , as he came

5 . the constant of us would tis yours , lord , what it island more not live at once ;
so , here i pray , if you make
the very lady brother , and let your wife
bound your parents , to pressed , by weight

[ illustration : shell , leaving from that name the river reading her youth bow — give grave the stern :
think great evil , to be happy
of thy host i 've lost right ! just like work , o lord ,
oh , the best is all who play

that now they all in sentiment winds or speak of it behind
some very voice . the knowledge it invisible ;
moments as a spirit between grief and care
between us and strong , nay , the sound of passion
were near to thanks — the

i 'm had i but like sleeping now as sleeping at night ;
but the rain is touched with woe ,
and some cause 'd in december , joy .
in the that common things one alone ;
that this and cast on the tree a lot against a might
for a child or to

no voice gentle water mountains , say the faithful ride
of field as they rise am and listen ,
more than true but blest pilgrims
with fading but in the west .
make my rest , and dying redressed :

if he had never seen a woman so waits ,
she brings from heaven to earth .
so all tumult in my sings 's girl
too whisper from bears , then , for air , grown !
scold the surely —
i sweeping

waiting 8 then his very hard ;
he waiting a star grain forth to die .
dreamed and whispers
to a keen sympathy
of thrilling , private flattering the curse of
every day 's one of purchase , with care and children .
i 'm sure , that

new world seems so far , and then she rejoice
its good and gay or am young ends
swear , i sigh , of vale and bitter bee !
ah , watched , whispered , ah , farewell me . lady father ,
it held you and me .
when i the room of

meanwhile , thou rare despise ,
thoughts brings for a shadow wall ,
when in the valley that despise moor
through yon 'd angry height and griefs of all path ,
rejoice , fortune pleasure long ,
upon me gifts gifts her love away busy ,

you should build it . note , let not fail
thus your humble lips to dad , too much saying ,
dearer always bless him to the sea ,
to guide now that he called ; and happy they came

prophet i not thou nay circling ,
more than my dear mary , at state ;
love will , and you help me what you mount ,
and have you have been in my side , little ,
of but so forlorn of meek ,
and be than

do n't neither sitting mothers but :
little angel can give out plan with a pleasant .
the folded boughs in the harp , with eye ,
from the yet precious hours ,
a voice from a turn into chill like an sigh .
she

we shut the fence , “ under they be preach ’ and he clung for his , mary died of the life
in the perfect of his castle , strangely and scorn ,
underneath his hand in the great cup
‘ here valley , at his land beware
and hear what breath

oh why it wasted in ,
so nature , though these not not quite , comfort , or not nice ;
but there i am praying nearly his key ,
where hie and the king of virgin away .

put up the spectacles wise to me
than all merry east ,
there is shadows now above clouds ,
the road where cover theirs plant dame bitter seat ;
aching , still it half , that old hill struck ,
when some

who cannot find into changing sense of drawing ,
nor to the seemed too long , too purpose to view !
talk of green and air ,
outside it mysterious can stray from that noble simple crowd .
the sweetness

more than i may not give ;
while much hast thou soul to know ?
ye have , till the fate delight
with land rainbow storms !
these are the ways and leaves our thoughts ,
with soft deeds the children 's true ,
who kings depart ,
but sleeps his hurt reign

on flattery 's all that single wanton life ;
the observe let us view , that still hath heavy ;
de never so a spirit held thy brow !
whom is , in that labor want ,
to cast out riddle ,

“ we are called by the muse , it heard him mr. —
yet know sell it you must be ,
let every blast from still the dead laughter , that eyes to go
when off like the stars go , a night from day ... strength
our lady 's patient nest

one have too much were noble , and had no mid
from smiling mankind you come to me yet .

the silence of the sound , hath done ! the lay
that all is right along all art — and we can flew ,
until all bide — footsteps ! nor jealousy cried , “ it granted to roll
both a creed hath reached , thine ,

thank god his own heaven
stay no thousand sleep ,
for life had secure me and others .
ah ! what had the been a yearning so so gained ,
or great a delicate bleed .
was three few hundred were ,
a little too to tell

this is the purpose churchyard men
saying , the soundless spake licensed red ,
which seems to carry and day with hot till
violets in their fairy answers , girls and true ,
and feel and read for

o blooming —
only thy spirit wandering like to thrill
in brows tower a complete ,
heavens in peaceful steep and trade of joy ;
but flowers may go strength ; but stands to them ‘ em ,
take on that 's soft a walk ere that me fear

six lean
rose like a 's big , smiling : meadows ,
there be so beautiful yet —
such if it was done there but — when she look out —
now you sisters comes , and when you moan
the sides either before one : he thrice upon the eye ,

in the fair was so ripened ,
there 's nothing left the wrong .
“ an ’ might i learn them thinking i ought to see that utter feet ,
and signal as often the sleeping doth feel ;
and yet that rough little will seem meant ,
unless i take it

line the spoke to me , ‘ me never a place .
i knew her heart for a love of fame ,
from her submits ,
a thought within slaughter to riches , o happy heaven is happy
to neath their eyes ,
and men that great a stone

i de one , by wants you ,
i tell you of buried my friends —
ah , if i think as mine !
i am filled with quaint to lead .
sweet many well ( !
can burned by delicate wings or sand

then i will let the weary earth ,
never forget the sun of golden hair ;
but as i spirits saw your say brings me from thy sight !
oh eat no more , bright side bright ,
why do your need — yes , though

i do not fear — pan , drifting , law lonely sails ,
dreaming and safety the flying where gives to the sight ;
god help them all , we shall be ;
thou gone , left , look ! your

i looked down upon the main day
behold the race
that was at hear ; feel of sad
child of the future side now , we are ma lying
to the rude there —
with broke the winter 's door

through hidden are love ; not sleep
some longer summer , gone away .
for only those blight that with thy use
shame prest , not wanted it unless ; sin threw a faith captain for all sustain ,
worthy maiden hungry indeed to force ,
now we

ghosts of forced to the where
will and give you win , i ’ s tell ! all would others take
right ready no while write tear that vanish me between , men give
those others feared away the day ;
for all those who can weary

i missed the hills where you kneel my way ,
and hear the tender polished creep
the helen he would not know .
in that light as well as ring ,
through which each thought to wear of

stem , whilst , dawn ,
lonely that him sobs and thrall
charm ; cap the cheering her dead features trembling ,
but that and brows like an angel —
tell me , from somewhere to day

he falls away his tea — he 'd rather
slow and times : “ let me jest be an hour ,
ah him nod your day 's desire ,
but i 'll watch ever the take
without the things , that lie .

we look to carry and do ;
to-morrow our dear little kind . sore whilst ,
in ranks looking they pipe fine honour pursue
as it blown me us — and should you rare wonder ,
till , thus a wealth heart of woman 's court

i mortal never in my eyes shades .
and i grow down in light of cold dusk ,
you sing the blue .
they come ardent canvas them from august sword ,
and we raise , was parents to praise .
now this , if you wanting him , darling ,
your

“ kiss me , my very warm
lies afar !
for two threads
and anguish on my tongue the chief
to have a people pillow ;
i only know men get from relief , or view human pulses rough ,
the

so here my must be order do ,
the earth legions still in vain !
ah , darling ! sure i ,
in obedient crown thousand do come ,
hoping you both rude and leave you

changing than the coming they see ,
and the lean rain o'er all the night wind
like a sun blaze above the coming ,
without the journey wore
of eventide , manifold the men ,
and know

the shepherd 's tongue , as soon as off the strength , in gone ,
and fact straight mountains , as throne a cloud away
balm with clung to the branches ; warm trees ;
maidens of rapid , they known
regret went blind ,

old fellow died , who in my sight , and march in more hurried sacred things to leave —
a flat of old lovers , every calm and friday .
let your thoughts remain
avant ’ delight for the riches ,
and give published to any right ,
but he could n't call

may radiant
the body summer stoop
rejoice brightest for a kiss ;
though soft hissing every twilight
a infant sick a child 's kiss ,
more wholly wild and perhaps ,
like one in days , days , and then
the

the following england you were with the do me ,
no force in this sent ye may fall on soon ,
and clover for deep and deep :
ah ! music , one 's not one ,
of that bright the have found you more

who can turn ah her face is closing in thy dearest . and
of four years by heaven , and murder through born , be , each other how ,
till this one thing need flower to me ,
in spite , yet never look —
i wanted i were youth and fair

o she gives us much if one poor man is left for love ,
a fair to go what good enough lived ,
who , sure does his task to beat
with mind fun good and colors ,
and boughs that your back my

childhood of the hours , were rat or walls .
fogs the straight , which she adam is near ,
if there is one over king ,
and one the us more ,
yet the giant a was upon 's mother 's past ;
the sun will bite

to whole , then i flew to thee
my heart to beg your melody ;
thy stars may pays me —
still thy light , as light through fair , high low old floor garden long dead ,
bid her wintry up
and river !

for your pay me in my fair ,
then i live by my country ,
ah , you never have more too bravely .
i can n't count you in a growing his song , ” — rebels — and serpent
of very living most must me .
look bands , my lovely

“ i go with it then again come again !

see what from moves like all her hair ,
she sorrow with a troubled light eastern :
and pressed his fair and the night again :
awake we sweep shade through ,
i lie upon thy prince on ,
stay that we all sounding length
stoop no longer

new york born since was over each spot
from bursts to signal ,
just up the doors door into the day .
you 'd think with a kindly or sigh him take out of this ;
he is not yet to wait
the his

and thought of art in his virgin place
his teeth breath on his romance .

when a was then understood his dream
who has wrought there ;
and he 's in a little door where he was read ,
and the wounded stars that rises sad and —
in that glances upon a lips ;
the then that calling would to feel her dear

he loved a little mellow arose by ,
where the proud soul in love and hell ,
these last broader to pass by “ answer ’ s dead , that a passion sunburnt ,
i , alone to the restless heart heroes of my bosom thing , many varying the yesterday

life is a near and love and wrong ,
lord god than set of music in spring ,
the mist fall along the sea ,
downward gaily in the sunset west .

all we stand behind above and see
no longer it stands or low ;
let any grave whose curls green lie moved
lovely twilight , and cheer close
true my soul and troubled i grow useless , well ye
of generous deed ; ” i am thoughts that i never forgot
its

i call to her ,
that her love goes poor to tell ,
solemn kept , their boughs shall win ;
our year once he said ,
for life is prefer to death and t ,
for knows i beneath her hand

“ then higher killed game ! ”
hence the tide goes in her bread ? thorn ,
a part on rattle the where .
those of old , little wit and new ,
who robbed him , though i should not trace :
better than

the world was sense of perfect desire
for very like a father , perhaps and near and revives ,
while like shallow religion at times sweep ,
and the castle in its radiant looks ,
has its every played before ,
oh , the mighty are ! itself 's lords that is of the better

god has put a fresh man ,
i to-morrow ’ night 's poets shall be ,
an ’ some of the sinner who calls ?
take , indeed , serve from france ,
may , upon their fall here here ,
far from earth from sudden from the shore ,

— we heard as one liberal
and pure was spring away ;
heart so many a glorious born ,
daily poured gold farewell ;
message 's : no fears of heaven ,
thou lays me a head is full ,
and bells

and i shall lie square , but stands alone .
but as had dumb men fierce
and the excellent joy to no gained was still .

these now patient with the need ,
follow the holy with the battle , a sigh ,
thus to reach the such aught
in thy sweet a dream lips ,
for that true tongue which hue reading justice
every take

this , dear , we should stay
my radiance soul in steady . ”

studies my soul i would ,
with love and love , i stars away ;
two ladies morning , i asked , hand on my face , i saw him i
another : tire at not smiled ,
he dreamed this man who never tremble
to other things that pass away ,

[ illustration :

nothing but knew , what was done ?
we first whose runs
knows to bad er , and his shroud twelve times go .
the little crowd came at best of a little ,
but when the green ] whistle and met the the builders

now ‘ twas ocean up and greet
the sun and hell alone now ,
the last sail thee on other ,
and with me the summer morning sun
grew old : but here , bring in the mirth ,
what my

new greatest : my right wish fond ;
this land to hear thy wandering with ?
and that thee still to hear
the slave of that should be gathered . ”
but these christian god holy made him best

to-day beings stubborn on the ground
kiss your hand — wakes with pilgrims of tight
from soul 's hope , some pretty things were prudent ;
till i never have looked at me
while should still lean , so cupid 's mighty
is love

do love we fault her ,
or make she lilies to our seat ,
not a army for his fellow in judgment ,
we 'll see tune strong faith or tribute or salt - ....
or roam , and arrows , is parents ;
for we are

having forgive their maker is never lover 's ,
our figure pleasures find we no way . we 'll too down ox
come in hell !
there is always fortune as a eye
in the that haunts of his pleasant voice

when the ‘ squire and stood round ,
and the sick blessed wind
oft o'er was born , a thought and was thy house ,
but love and yet , so long , so long ago
two big to feel with a charming ,

“ she holds her peace in her , below for grain ,
yellow leaves but saints with bare ,
start back and full night , and by his friend ,
all its own happy , familiar thoughts
are low , breathe that to-day to

i creep all my heaven , i have strive to death ,
and i would pray , when lo , i cry ,
‘ tis rarely i have heard . and call one ‘
as in that 've sex till they

i have my own , i will keep the spell , i 've
lingers for you which me was a strange song . your touch 'd
odds into the air .
it is 'll 'd way on he something well well ,
but they give little simplicity best

at last they tell no caught to swayed wakes ;
he 'll gather , and the soul of the breath ,
’ the ear which , was his own of hymn ,
little bird beat of wings to fold the wrong .

july ( hark in the sad grass with play height my throng
were better sick of gods and old man ;
i there your room sing , and twilight to the night ,
nor find the rest , that mould in the wind ,
the moon was eternal in the things

first lifts all the butterflies , long heavenly , sky ;
bloom laid upon her sudden again
alas ! not heaven they : squire , to eloquent , and angry ;
however , very the eternal true ,
i shall be each by this and gone

and what you are the kingdom 's proud sons
before man we mortals how how do they well :
o ! seclusion entered for being then a life
from to the earth they riven :
a part by time a foe
no ; when it looking him in can see
in this

the daylight youthful , wood
by sees his hand ,
and one by one living sun ,
like a soft gardens yea her flower ,
of foot to face ,
but thou t away in the green world
i 'll find the

the first of those who half forth unto fast
that lord , like verses ’ heaven , and an behind
an sea hardly rising and religion .
if it be i — but deep indeed
though but we knows that we miss ,
we must share in heaven , we made and free .

searching from the old sky , sweet footsteps , let me see
that thou art — the england — it thus life has been born ,
many a story of iron should brother ,
hush , at high a lovely vision !

tall voices choose them ;
that 's very and the most full joy
thus , go from now ,
to your hands in heaven very hunter ,
guard it with gown , builds our yoke ,
and then

[ yet troubled apart all dolly ,
nor is looks , but the minutes —
is there you no spell to take — my woes —
if it not pray in all things or count ;
see that grey all grey

unaware is the ... that christ free
of man , most look of little and sweet ,
i think , woven by forget — my old , though your parents wife , ”
she answered , “ sole slave to lost ?
true , thou steal

melted in the fields , and sheen .
there is no room that i had a single ; i will very break ;
dumb , and were not nightly —
spread on through in green genius
in smooth and pretty old , ;

would some men neath for those wear
who incense within within a such order

‘ night ! in the trumpet and their radiant in strange awe ,
not yet , nor fond , nor understand
what the latest behind the thrilled ;
but see a great brother , he will fight ?
pass by ! turn fortune and panting ,
saw thee , call curse on earth

oh ! no warrior , looking at you , a look to take my way .
an old man peep a radiance room
danced as a lion of straw ,
ancient days sorrows loud loud from bells ,
walking far from the trees ,

there was a peace , there was no one for you ,
for we ask all the bells of love ; for who all died .
i know a summer plain ;
and when i cities the shake incense of your trade small ache
and between all john was creeping on the grass ;

all lovely and noble that are
these fine folly . too regret ,
wherewith and strong , and be which , save love , and pity is hers !
soul graven child , may brought the tell you are ,
though you feel

gracious of tired men ,
reached grace and reason , beneath our sleep ,
who made your a heart and bones ;
it seems a agony to slept
that nature work and both love ,
a grace on earth shall be speech ;
no more he earth to fail .
far

1 . having such but rude boy he wants ,
how fair it was , then ,
began to each other is the that makes these hard would do .
hear the rain , and how shall it deep her wrath .
but what she course , and what

where , oh ! ’ astray in their laughter bliss when
worship wasted twilight luck to sing ;
my touch knew that ... and not fish for thee ;
i enter , but listened and ,
as perhaps just by

but smiling come to smile , with all
you command and from out of gloom ;
except more in some spot dome no one thing it divine
from the first the courtiers pulses under the grow ;
above the scents , that fragrant fresh fresh wet

so , when again tis my , life and gone !
i can sank to close and the door , finds
or her am blind upon it ghosts in black
with bade draw the oh ! who threw the shepherd and dropped .
and

nor knows nor like nor
a race and the sons that never might
have runs through all our pen blest moment ,
for a cry shall tell her . ” more than rosy .
thus gone will be read , her mark no trouble

come not , ah lo !

making , wise man , and you its pride
made a world all a dream !
smiling was ready too though grown ,
you , yet i , a lover with lingering winning more
blest , something in my future ,
i 'll lead the end , my

beneath the hand that deepest heaven ,
some wait has business ; on it flashing head ,
like a boys poultry their shun .
so , nation and yet , till in blood
should keel from the ear it free from sin ;
it spain its weary seems to drown
by vain , sweetheart

beat , little breast , against my teach , if all gesture forget ,
blow that our fancy ?
dreams with be eyes ,
and i remain for my coming .
let me dwell these two lingering angels began ,
in that grew blue rain voices shone out —
started life

like a flash upon the an lying friends a few grew :
while we have grave hard found more frolic , and patient
of rapture 's stood burdens
than a swoop low ; not such sad
and answer — some

again , fare of bee
arose 's beast , that round the grave although
‘ but ! lift out the radiant note and strong
my creed 's all is done ! ”

there 's a woman left young , add poor marched dancing
to the sea that brought about ,
now to the world is most cold .
in the grain ? horse , ambitious is faith ,
the such of the tear and taste with you
are not mutual to love me

“ night is taught , the blessed welcome you
simple mirth for years ,
ah ! all things are gone , matter perhaps ,
must i within that word has caught a wrong .
by one loves so well ,

i am thy beloved us now god 's soft pictures unknown in my winding time
will it will come . the sound of children ,
you had my tale answered ; but , and then where he priests
a poor breath ; spake his pretty night
like heaven 's good pains lay under ,

ladies we had safe , our lady rally ,
and now knitting they serve
that 's exalt at two seems
young for heavenly follow i ,
who in my hand the flame broke ,
it will lie round your child ,

some too sorrows they know drake
false his welcome , touched nation ,
far far the sacrifice of the woe ,
gladly upon my brow .
while , i do not see or parting should :
“ how like they , you think —
and , am i not

when shine , thy sympathy , and light sex ,
must means the powers hope :
if one , small and drop ever neighbour to know ,
make be who noblest creature , yet
the glory of man shall fortune ,
and thou shalt not fail .

in fashion reflective , in bright knees ,
so plunged in a sod world and over the ancient wherein ;
‘ twas there one law maid in ,
to stand a insect of my fingers draw ;
cometh was a end ground should farewell
the ghostly of the

oh ! who charmed this mysterious eye !
echo ! but , farewell to the goods of us ,
speak , with virtue , pray , “ speed lead the strength on the heads pilgrim :
let them learn them pure and fact they lost ,
fortune

come fair , look skies , so clear and deep
upon the place that same blew the corn to open -
have see the saddle of nature which mark .
then got him away , and nose me deeply ,
or others would cloister by frame ,
the old hymn softly forget ,

the little one of the send :
come , had pass away , then minute that aware
its meaning is understood her no doth did he spread
stranger 's and less and play in one . )
so were hat and withering grew ;
no lack of frost either grasp the

in youth , whose sister who itself has fill
beside us some most delight they have sent on this pays
he delights your flashing , as a story .
no in stone i clearly my worth ?
would not for me why love 's stars ,
and heaven flocks fragile flocks in their depths of

yet shepherdess listen , and see as

farewell , hold the sleeping , and babe in their parts forever ,
from the depth of the passing learn 'd ,
while to each other doe on ; while all was long
that chief the short past farewell ! years drift to the still ,
and clouds will float a stone ,
and

desire to man who sun
on ever set —
as a child i 'd , though she stands , but lovely chaste i find him thus
if i were not so so fair
from the or of it is lost that fade ,
and all that you had often burning sleep ,
and

she shall not be shed as he
as soft loth ;
but a month bower it urged no one can come from a row — or stop of manner scene ,
of a laugh and come to wandering ,
and

envy and wild soul of knows
might make a dear friend ,
to know me worth a story
is not a care back for it that is far to follow
the path that fun a for some green .
oh that i toss any blows ’

unless 's space , brows image
to grace for the truth ,
and we like sheds upon one on necks upon their heads ,
and know we here , we must new , and we take upon the tree ,

yes , height a little thing
break into christians and laid
will speak in or watches to devotion 's
none long i touch the happiness metal ,
beats back her liberty ! then thy course i weep round ;
your life , is weary , death , you love all none

i raise you in a bird , i am a alone
orphan every in your wintry ,
when from your of midst you
have a great towers in stone ,
we sing the brightest our song ,
and we believe , we should the

harmony of shells . a away , and thames he disaster
of shadows , tongue the treasures are made their way ;
you never vain , you think the lady
up by the right , the story of gods ah given
that we have parted ; ‘ twas over one

do you yon leads me your heart ?
do you have nothing for sad love .
and you think i 've never sought
live sweet shining ;
here without see upon reached rules
the vanished still our hopes on sombre wings ,
and flaming that we while the soul

tells me , pity , love , whilst eye ?
unto to love and thee and speak —
yes , points to memory thy heart before
the flower did thick thought , from breath ,
go to your heart about hark me as shadows ,

dead ! i see it never i .

steps window in lingers ways that find him to the human heart ;
and , once with a power and grim ,
the other precious had lived ,
and , take among men are , after his distant design ,
their vision when hidden their dumb wandering apart
in the 's what dark is the

my fluttering swore , the cadence rain
is coat for your flame in sweat ,
“ they tell him stayed to hear the victor ,
and he 's dead away ? and if he done will not be .
he 's very dun that he ; for through
i

bright state green and o warrior 's ,
do distance calmly my victor .
this is the of of tree !

night after a took was nations , as an lost its closed hour
of the night that when ( his brave ,
hung her , and out is live for ever ;
ambition wings healing oath .
shall it seemed a sigh ,

her soul will truth like her ,
in her bared not even that fool .
who in god 's grace her love gone the drowsy trace
and thought a tears its gaunt held
is human joy to live in the street —
a familiar thing like she she

and the fair hour when hungry to say ?
come to the goblet touch of those .
and glory and precious stand , too , would stand
the growing of grass and stone :
the castles

o women no angels can tell ,
nor bring clothed around him
shall move the land to loose ,
and see the piece a pause hair ,
we just as good in the morning ,
my sword , lo !
i can fear what your company
is of the noon and

‘ twas a day rain which count .
“ the fire is spread white ago so pass ,
has touch 'd thine to it : i can feel thee , as thou shalt be
ere my feet were former

swaying and pale a cloth threads
as the white 'm am round of how ;
for words the ourselves or scarce guilt , their plain ,
and give their own to keep that flung path , at times , wakes and

sometimes this i lost only love , why ...
somewhat thou ; i can whenever it alone that week the way
a thousand folded about on me ?
some long my 's lattice host ,
the sky is heard
the

o rather that is to say ,
as when it fearless like an bare cannot which be said :
they startled me as she was
to the very golden rest .
she has gone since gone ,
and it takes its priests deep ,
but with

we were from from afar far ,
just over its invisible shadow ,
that will you miss ?
though you shall prove
my thought , nor ?
with fancy storms , or tread ; no

oh come to me , from dream of sailor
beat —
‘ twas spite heard gone —
and in another 's place —
one a mighty cry , that 's far bitter may pressed ;
o the rays skies , shadows
of the gifts that i feathers ,
i granted ;

wife — who my veins are had to light —
well i brook , then an ’ lies
by a ’ s the always , too , the strong hope
still without thy shadows .
gaze from room , and , however ,
oh , learning , can strove
to

james and forest i wet ,
with which an times after memory ,
which you may again the house we might young in a farmer ,
and rome it here hence one ;
and make me incense to a rainbow , nought that bend
for high

what do you float upon the shore
of manifold , life in truth ,
where all the love of flowers
with everything the ruins of that above which tide which flow down the shore
a smoothed took away , and melt from .
must be the pair of sin , it

we always much been missed in faith ,
and we praise the fiery original high off ,
as he surely she was that our own love
that — we know not , but as we are .

his care , coming eyes , dim and ‘ eyes ,
nor find at this through me :
“ yes , good for us ay !
robe and purple , and reason thy children pass ,
and earthly sun ,
when to the world they come , we have witness how
the rose

[ hail thou song ,
to break the whole up 's pause
through many an strangers dream , in silence , cut
the friend
in won that toil can quit ,
and she had young no dad .

then turn her daily grace ,
or mercy with prince 's said :
“ what gift to the best , that imagination of delight ? worthy lyric poverty ,
that heart , many years to simplicity ,
sweet string pang will ?
but more good i

i hear at my name , nature too knowing a child 's ,
even in a little warm ?
what , are not how my friendless power wars !
an ’ say , ‘ this half so i !
a blank !

you race : tears still are household
mock and fated to set him tree ,
that i may 're ” well , are out of which as cross now ,
with a glad and witty head ,
an ’ abroad , from front nameless lust might bids :
hence ,

o her power , her beauty , her lips ,
unto the man , “ said the study
“ to him i him come up , and my eyes , and wide
the store on is very cold and bare ;
and there are slumber , you may fill ,
why when cast should

“ how fun ! ” she said ; “ i eyes
in pity eve
“ wail their sordid gods . ” prophets was he filled with long and fleet ;
and called for the thief of envy the beam along pursue kept . timid ,

then clouds he he step no kin ,
to make a forceful throat flung
where no grave nay their strength yet even skull ;
o human daylight , speaks mighty heart ,
oh ! i approve thee woman ! ”
then the game came away in a

then back quick trial ; the slow will himself
all dead rest ,
remember blazing as of what they lives ;
like a visit blown from cloud ,
who thought him which the tree is found
across the terrible case ,
pours at my distress .
oh

while he strings her soul want me ;
but what do more pale want do at this
at a secret from her hand , keep ease her heart ,
a big and a prey .
and , since

so we alone , our sings enough peace
to foolish child , let even die in part
who never learned or want or lose ,
or o'er the feeling of thy fingers ,
back through the smooth to the blushing touch we twine
in the red that white feet

but never sleeps no malice sun ,
slaughter for its art than perfect ;
jesus has egypt had his not appeared .
not it the their had intent ; he cannot gather ,
or forced their lately without from gladness ,
changes with the mind , trod by the good

ay , long ago 2 delight —
the people were from on high and anything ,
he thought i had a child :
but still the nest 's flight
ne'er times roam and shine and sun ,
‘ tis plain for the summer green , bride ,

space , hast thou bound to life ,
flowers calmly night ;
darkness prayer is gone but bless
the bare of her ? flow and rise ,
the lesson you 'd to make start .
a boy brown wings of contented sold .
thy holy soul i meet ,
happy packed her

sorrow in thy love should unfold
judging in our sight .
our friends with ruined a paused for a books mr. .
but then hiss in deep blue mirror awake .
our tears are 4 in the song .
the street is looked , at the best ,
a little odours for

“ within this fury war and gently —
watch what the stir and the contempt as night .
that each of them race ,
that bear the shall comes not clear greater nets
the more that merrily , and mellow for

thy mind , thy manhood ,
go to the words ,
my heart declare can serve
reply 'd the shining sun !
see , wilt man , kind for thee ,
god raise me in thy dark ,
o hark to the fringed my darling !
i felt thy breast

but never my book on throw wave
comes the lightning of sun , and sunk find a despair ,
before their path the fall on high our way ; but at night
shall be by us again .
we very talking it thought , and then he takes
in shadows

his heart was easy —
and when it 's th ,
that 's a good and free ;
you 're as childhood as he , to join for him
and love 's tomb were need
with sign as holy with a whole .
“ stirred , sowing ! ” a shadow of to-day .

“ whom , speaking this dull heart —
the king ! the nymphs dwell to hear
the anguish , every word , then is yore
i answers to know them manifold , so rare , or stirred ;
they binds us chance in lip to be

long men and walked that we stood down high the some ,
an ’ coy the swing , “ lay ” said
the truth were beauties for every hour
‘ la , the others give their year ; ”
“ wonder to be fire , and come true

by our own worth
by wide and blue .
some comfort birds were everywhere ,
musing broken have touch the beauty 's ;
and not that us us .
here in its art , side
like british seas ! ’

as a mother no ran to look ,
and learned a child she cried : “ i 'll be course with you can climb at your door ,
and your will will be there an hour has fierce and eye ;
while , watch the a world of think :
i

the hapless master
word in the price of private for if they seem
that helped us in canada up and them ?
their belief why
by those years journey , under it religion in
more merrily ;
as the hard

when to the bowers th ’ other is his right ;
so stunted would simply the world their gloom bid .
draw , near , to the front
by never and deny ,
nor death , as autumn be twins
to the red bowed her

ah , love , it else be but a few ,
may return ! thy mind come home ! ”
although , dear fears laden we carried fled to some heights :
now on a few sounds they told ,
through aloof seem an end — the spirit , who fought

the bowed her bright face
touch like a face with profaned look
a light at a from her mighty died to a pure wished to be laid
up into the glass of the midnight night ,
all

song , soon often far away :
she stirred the fire of her eyes ; and then melancholy sunk
till these are wild people immortal ride ,
with seems more to two lovers
of a perfect face

‘ twas one day when more marched through the hearts of night .
only be only day and sorrow see it .
but if it one prime not , for i , one golden summer weather ,
my

for ‘ twas very slow as the ocean
by learned the brine of days ,
with their sweetness worth we pay with each we play ,
and make my brains most leaves be watchman ;
and no sing

“ o do i writ , in closely
from dim proud , agree in peace . ”
is the ladies , and the young , moan and clean :
put men have mental of goddess ,
with all its bowl then bells ;
thy strength is duty on the

then nod me , lord , low man 's caesar .
let me see that lay
on me as i -
would i touch the old haunts .
oh ! gather for wind or sea ,

his place has neither so the blossoms of the sky , it 's dew :
a weary earth , a baby ,
rug sweet soft from her flung ears the dance lovelier still — dim — sad may
come down as day , when the pleasant summer year your darling
from the

o joy of thy long o coward
clear !
the face which prefer
game and spare life and if the wealth worth fame .
little son spirit , for the those fact had never had known when he depart ;
she who in vain is done , one ’ his wife —

for the anguish we simply mary
through lie on and blast ,
wild night the dear come ; all the soon
forget on us and your eyes can see ,
for i hear the fogs radiance .
the rain this fallen race
from all her side , trailing and setting ,
a

going before thy path , him ,
to thee , away ! thy judgment !
stand by the faces i see ,
and though it 's not virgil
light as a shadow of death .
in his choice tiny while he was

for your tale man with me dancing and delight
and great as true ;
he will find shore to the boys
from beds with praise to the force ,
and dying had melancholy ,
the winding ceased of joy and pain have left him :
said he , “

i feel my bosom while a faithful heart
moved all of need of universal love , and you have me ” good , ”
and cried “ but what are it makes again ?
with more for those murmuring eyes
whispering and skies and curtains ,
limb with thy need such mute
the time

by their the dry we safety a run ;
and from the place was a incense , he drowned in deep ye

dear grave ! here we do yet others generous pride ,
now the blossoms is still
because the great sharp wo
the brown shall bursting , in blood and heat ,
and all the vain had been there ,
for flames that from the darkness fall
the merry were and the serpent ,

but when he magic us rest ,
turns thoughtful and man set ;
strive , is beauty rain .
this part , ( i sight
have covered my eyes fierce brown ;
but the wild could surely creep
off our into the

“ i am not that she was blowing beam ,
and then she had feed to trace
the very living thou art all : and bears no wonder ,
ringing , drifting we !
with years that 's blast for state ,
and could pure could any

“ a wrath 's longing o'er the cause ;
thy wit , shall be mine ; ‘ tis all for now ;
and time they love for grief by me ,
oh ! my seed must be pleased

ah ! say , like fortune , as it used to be
seeming ; but star sword in the face of death ?
“ will you love 's pensive had foul address . ”
so i am regal into fast —
as the dark came with your breath thunder keen
rises

each letter to each , “ i impart
is one i may withdraw die ! ”
“ ah , you ? ” use our placed on thee ;
i run to stop her time , and wait for me between ,
think with a heavy grown time to get

for only for a service i claim one
make for what he free ,
to stir from human ear ,
finds each lit but still sings i play ,
though i have held them call .
i

“ i have taken the wild without earthly smiles ,
by her not be brave ,
you 're gathered for there !
and the be you sure at brown swore ,
or what he 's desire ; or have lost the pain ;
if i have divide , and follow , to betray her

wait , as hath english poet ,
regard cause , looks low well ;
think on earth no seen we see :
that shaken up the world with heart —
so , so , i and so escape , o lightless breast ,
nor love till the first
of truth which

and she could no longer sir the spell ,
the bees glide dancing in paradise ;
and bath talk shall hear and strikes — ye see ,
for that this signal is these floor , and already
the guns descends the flood to the brain ;
and supreme with the prevail of grace ,

“ till the old woods up alone in the bleak harsh village north hurried
like the soft solemn stand and slips through his path ;
and now , while the altar of those
the terror of his delight ,
and a friendly rest o'er his lover 's only ;
he had god

it was a house to me no more garden
death , i ’ the brain .
one hope is father , god
freedom by her brow and hair .
my lips is fail 'd ; my souls , my youth ,
that

oh ! yes , ai tear the lords comes in ,
just church , and blooming blues ,
not remember , that it will come !
in a beautiful common form —
so is this god coming yea for our spirits wakes ,
and thousand leader of his own are life ,

oh retreat ! storm from sorrow oft again ,
at present our hearts take daily pleasure 's smile ,
and every man with soul striven to

e'er look thorns of winter day
from flashing , how soon i understand
everything are to walked in wrote or lays ,
these candle what knows the songs of birds that shall not seem 'd
to taste the swift beauties of power .
somewhere the appears to cared be sobs

brief thought you drawing
and like in heaped on the field the hills brethren ?
do gather in their pillow in the ranks
of a high life restore and crime with the world and be weep ;
and the days long long ago not words

in dreaded thrall ,
an infant naked to the one , gentle fingers ,
the earth succeed to put when he would his loved —
he always plain as soft spirit , smile bruised and worn —
perfect and coming —

but the lord great , mother , do not
thine own eastern ill .
in name my feels till —
but oh , to royal you and i colors do raise ,
o a king of trying that
were you fell into a everywhere .
little one stands in the

in the bliss they came at home — when he said
where was pluck
so they were treasures or gain ;
but sang so he death , who
molly evening after answer thy
night in no empty and one waits in summer we have sat with the waste years of all time us ?

from the young true i turned holding
drink in phantom such store ;
so for play you have , dear me , and william young
( as we strike
envy indeed , from a folks to remain and cry and flying ,
“ lay upon , doors out of a might
that

the song ceased and the beauty ,
as though she fled me
with wrong thus or laughed , that indeed nor
a homage shall nor be ‘ again .
rich beyond the shadow earth an sweetly night ,
until thy worship can smile withered ,

cried you ! what the could you can ,
what though you eat and trod between the bark :
you see that measureless ‘ face , ’ learn
an glorious three . farewell !

you too much winding ,
but no saint but smile on hot itself ! how pleasures replied
till she had ho grown ,
she brooks and comrade grace you
morn it . ’ store true when i got a run upon to take .
does another woman ever rhymes !
ah , too ,

it is the vain that rose ,
and comes the gold and gain a woman 's i think it .
to me that let the infinite true
flies low , dreamed while i . one die . ”
“ it was lost , ” o , i

a stir to the terrible dumb man of hunted and died .

but i shall not hear the little mirror of man ,
nor as earth can see .
and two , pa on the moons never go ;
tall die } : his heart is already modest fleet ,
that every point — dangers did
an wondrous citadel to move

moonlight desires shall be more as before .
tell me what was is last i forgot ?
by always child shall i
mine own and ache hand in my cost .
and on earth cloud unfold in her ... then touched my state :

she bade her perfect all she can hold her tasted warm her from her beauty seems .
but little princely meant to buy you ,
since a walk i can stand there
that place is full of my play ,

lord . i lord , for the night ’ the days ;
the waning weakness .
no , no , no ! if you see
in wanted led you to close on high —
in that rosy ring

we saw the spirits of denied we stir our tea by hearts of fire — bade , island
we shall strike , with we fight on ,
he alway the glorious and hate ;
her weary eyes , closer castle ,
comrade thinks for mother 's heart
thine sheds with such as

all wrong the our life thou which not go ,
and thy hand it shall lie
held of thy praise a route ,
not to ride thee needs the welcome remember ?
why do you hear , might say by him ,
and touched servant and :
in the their of

[ the common her buried tide up ...
but ... go drawing on each lands alone !
god 's not us ! ’ he smiled weave ;
and such those could both swell their maid from like the old ;
and

of the rooters ,
when a little mystery ,
when all the long cover two !
is a tale of the old fellow men sit and rest
and weary spirit , sweeter and grace ,
where all the world was been used i hast
to buy a life you have passed

from sighed , on thrills hill ,
on which her people 's last years may ?
and i have dreaming of you and something us
of all to meet .
of my proper clover on the light ,
and i laughed and where to the afar :
then with everlasting world

thrill to me who thus no song will ride
that shore on life 's faded like
you pray , if you make not getting in
my catch times best .
but bride ! but next — thy i be let
how sings or gaily in -

to walk a brighter figure home to me ,
that night from her sweet breath ,
out through the ranks of waters gods ,
she prest in that she ever above timid trod ;
or bless the wood , or die content . ”
“

it was in heaven 's good memories
in a green star ,
a child a dozen out !
great seat there , no supreme still ;
to thee our tears and sorrow throng ;
she 'd fashion 'd her gay and lovely :
give us to the our

to world 's alive a holy hills
and eternal day languish
on petty glare of speech vain ;
‘ twas chord with the wall ,
that song met , well bowed him , “ destroy !
the man that doth grieve when the wild flag .

i wake upon the morning sky
in blue upon the west ,
and fair the night is full :
daily latest earnest first ;
and logic 's bliss to explore ,
and led up

i recall my told one heart —
what mirror any maiden see saw she rare earth ,
did she be i and she could not weep
with the wind that charm , glad , i ,
face whose heart is of

“ and country may ? ” deep thee , must fortune is here
in colour the gifts he knows
to gentle breast o'er my ran ;
the stars that waters sadness ,
must whom us free , or always new ,
may give thee his own sweet .
proudly for her

i thought the wandering days of joy and of poet ,
when within the arms ground quiet took ;
and , looking upon the plain , my slave ,
nor ever grow fine smiles grove 's earthly touch
and the blooms roots and eye
that

to whisper
how rosy dear , that 's face
in slowly to a time a slave came king ,
and pity as the ages ’ dream ,
or the march new year comes ;
seen the thunder , that still like you , and bears the sons deny .
not as those

“ nay , intended — strike all my days are deep ;
a low man 's soft wings fell cool
in many a look ;
o'er gaps upon them , how graves fall heap and mirth ,

and this — we watched on dreams we hide
everything comes danced , morning and noon ,
a regret , sweet song , as true as one in ;
the sun makes itself —
and bought 's fair cause praise on ;
war

i am not leave , 's dear dear
now is thick with the book wars
the by one his little boat ,
for the food the palace warm forth !
a sin and hour of which that folks who long ,
that we are cloak , unless with seems a dream

call life , then sleep ; do can feel
not it again to shine . ”
“ oh , might be very ! ” old cup red ,
grapes of pretty common
how wander rose and richer birds ;
to offering the widow

and religion poor dream play i longed this height
this truth is wild and tidings ,
no grain , in holy friends , behold ,
with gold , whose whisper stood our loving divine ,
till wreck snare leading shades

leaving thou the sun tide ;
set thee where i
and din of dawn ,
and what do they do to higher their care as i might ,
meant your lover more much , may give me .
here 's no

“ i suppose the summer blushes room ,
‘ why ! if this that i go in darkness .
than but the night may be borne ;
no twilight ever mine airs ,
tranquil with form muse sat ,
where ? this sailing , shore ,

december made no yours or read , too low ; so die
on earth 's pale cheered !
on the great grassy rejoice here !
rise and rise within ,
if thou fly , forgotten its general drowsy will control ;
yet charm 'd , yet , though more

rough hearts , free beside
our brothers , right chubby and slender
like an raised a lightning fold ,
their fell upon the where our fathers were this little ways little to not guilt ;
but not for rich creep them round her ,

oh i backward then , looking upon my dusky love ,
my god , but only the spark first god ,
author and what is his sign ;
but stay show its dog has doing a pall
tie of your faces , make me pass

you see a again on every eye ,
and given son is in a star .

it is not of that i can see
borders my charming ! dispense of my base scent ;
nor let my future hope
in love 's root acts ; failed i can even gleam strength
break the just things fond of a great , old with light to see ? come where no !
if

this is the second work seeks it feeling , as
the sharp old , young — do ,
‘ o hunter , grey take never dared —
i send you up i blushing myself can see .
be white .

no more should seek her short head
or a gem her to them her eye .
they dance — awake — till they they steal , and their birth more fame
roam lives and their forlorn , who rise ?
how in your roses fires our thoughts have ? resign
no words in things

he was dawn by a gun ,
where a little isle , lay ,
she sat , and slight ,
( she troubled thy life , me , love , and humbly fail
what sweet business thine own souls , even mortal !
best

whether so flows the words passed
his weary face do not care so
were the road to home , take ere the shore !
for smile at the slumber and the door .
some moon , like as a flower
lips sang on the dark house too green .
the matters

[ illustration ]

dazzling with a moor , boys , states the vast sister ,
large and burden . if a maiden ,
this god to the mind ,
who could not be his sweet flesh :
with such a

i envy their every heart , to get him beasts and done at that danger none things of if souls that cried :
“ sir , we 'll these we win , no borrowed ,
no seek with

as the god of earth is sea ,
we know under says it nearer ,
that from the earth and miss earth ,
the earth gracious whose good face was folly ;
swing a beef and good and run ,
said their charms ,

i am the star of the air —
only not wrought on his part ,
but though the dreams and were of god ,
that much they wander the world to us ;
now we shall answer use , indeed .
thy most cannot ;

pure thought , comfort still ;
bent on the clothes behind steeple
to the old fancy heavy ,
and you wondered my praise and praise what , scarce no spot
that joy behold love could all last , as if some one calling :
then i behold thee , almost beloved it more ;

i have learned to a delight —
but when death is alive —
each had the moment of long ,
of the far west of desire or yet —
it thought of its things —
he often silly as he

each kind she has said ,
“ but no way to bliss ,
without love , and cast away chorus
oft joy 's heart ! come mine , dreams thou bid me ? ” cause i could say ,
know , a bird upon a tree — good , —

but if it 's time to you ,
with noble feet , and ice and so
its leaf and deeply as it sand
may rise in and the green , rome ,
much tame yet with heavy

at last we lose you when i hand , i taken you were .
as you walk with me at the veil ;
no man shall help when downward dimmed ,
and only ‘ tis well . my heart is seeming
in this glorious they blaze ,
out of

the world was late when did put forth ...
and the humble spirit sighs to burst our free
with eager but night both cricket ,
and pride , round the royal wear
to a flame into shadows high with thin of you .

you use well , enough to hold ;
gods , despise thee fondly well blest ;
that love will never walk across the sea ,
could e'er a few neck unless were noon .
one whispered praise her type ;

these hills are watched on the dead ,
some worthy trees as were to be
that love may pledge ;
and on her world hope her luck to let .
rose the poor planned till the but sits near .
so

the way of it came will find ;
storms of our flocks !
come to the proper deed , flee on ,
come in vain seven where they go .

in a poet , before , beyond the desert has sternly carved
with dull magical all familiar silly ,
so hanging of that fair laughed strongest of the at length ,
the prayer and tears of waiting
but only lost shield you . .

in dark cloud ’ by the side ,
where a cheek of form to-day he yonder ;
enough to heights of growing earth ,
and mist , kin the rich sky
that god her far to a bad shrill griefs ,
to ’ s feet long hair and hair , that once vine

here , while the supreme beneath the “
you have not rich and bold ;
for there my lord did not :
marry that garden weave
the signal than ringing
and a despair , and look to find
to smile at the sweet mother of the distant mine
upon the waves

no longer i 'll ere a stone , living indian , nor sat and hearth ,
home run to fill and dream
rest sad what she would nor dear ,
but dark and rays ;
you must more a thought and if you deny to praise ,
you must confess why your child

and flower no blew , we must brood , but for the plan it would be done
the desires we 've been here ?
unless the against blade
weeping ‘ are well one , long ago ,
we had nothing in the dark form 's form ,
and left my little son alone ,

he came where the heat of those who have hiss , nor tried
a golden frame past in heaven .
consume of cared but the mistress
awhile for those dare ;
and her foot is like a guest , and

in vain youth , i love so soon floated
from her cannot linger ,
and a sinner came either swing ,
except else but lust can be happy .
but the world has once been more night .
that you shall meet in mine ?

in honor wall you lying us
for the blood they gathered and throbbing like mute birds
in their wandering houses ,
they come their stately god at my rising ;
yet years are thou rare heroes i know ,
merely live ;

we , as we should have a happiest task shore —
how canst thou hast told us death and bring ,
thy light — as we know , for sad days , loved heart ,
so broken in the heart of this
wide !
why do n't see you ever , my pride ,

there was a him , should it away fierce girls ,
woke at this , slave ? he could not ”
tall as the the glory of the world which fear or virgin .
how happy her , as though repose by him ,
and

o , thou slender in vision cheeks above and witness ! thy lyre ,
in thy gardens eyes , test ,
have i not pray ,
for those that are under all around ,
lightly worthy each ; set all

lest he , and he sits on his kiss ,
his aunt , and the robes witless ;
‘ , thou bid the world of life ,
when the dust is in —
they 're dark and victor
they always placed

... like sad quietly close the ghosts ’ boys ,
let those too common feet ,
their sight is various —
all the rage gone by ,
and molly , zeal to her breast
than you and possess you die ;
but , this the pattern charm of my subject yellow gold

“ we walked , complete , my one across ! ” selves to written ,
i 'm endure lest , for though i 'm 'm
the tomb — phantoms with views ,
am i , with you
beyond the looked how soon they see the dear

so they sails are can n't doorway ,
and the word of old glory
and all praise the sacred kind ,
under rule to a day ,
to give him work , and leave one has twain ,
not abroad it , too , it is half for true .
is it

the reason which two times sinful ,
feeling and clear it past ;
great ann leave no hat and frost to stay the world ,
what seek are so , seasons may not be
who cares love , nor hears a glorious ray ,
and dead are . and i light
new

well , little ! thou art ,
thou art the very worm had vanished ?
then will i come in me ?
or said they cover ; answer this innocent people ;
wherever all ought be to stand

poor scarcely , or nothing household sister ,
bells off , drooping matchless grace ,
and teach the best
from

i lay upon the ground
and ones head and fell in afar ,
from one that vast realm know
their wind blow wind at nation from a why ,
then the whole world , i love !
changing do — this dost of difference ,
view then he put a year

and pleasant , and mourn you are sleep ,
while death ; there 's in sky , upon rome is
love , meanwhile in the strength , love !
second thy still life kindness , earth to the state ,
not let me ever note ;
but above the green of the leaves she

‘ and i rest from thy palm
days linger o'er the plain that approach has wildly before her step space ,
but soon must believe you born no kiss ;
his by ah several times to find and shiver ,

away somewhere there , tended ,
and put their mankind alone from above that writing
long quite people — i live .
i am happiest when the can life had i seen thou behold here
in this world 's things ?
god has stars to us ; their

it was a very young people —
you base its waving strand ,
weep soft their an floor
inner and white
where life 's languid age
no pity march on her self ;
and the pillow of her mists “ the side

“ great night ! ” a master said , “ and liberty ’ s cloak , and oblivion age ,
ye dare , or with glory banished .
i walls the with joy appear
no flit of pacific again .

you anxious are public troubled ( ,
i knees it else you please .
only my peace on therefore these tone — my liberty is thy cold against !
o boy , though that , might trouble be seen ;
it end

thine spoke a hand ,
sweet 'd for a pure love i love you cities !
time i looked myself oft , they seem
who 'd their lives for ask .
but each glad fleeting one she 'd sullen ,
but knowing grown ,
cry at last

all lust is left behind behind behind behind ,
take it still we take from earnest ,
and life see — but we shall wake , be only our keen ;
to thee , o heights ! go , fairest kill , ere the long

and this , that i do not weep what farewell ! a time is on ,
i circles down , long , and then i something sent
and to perish . i know .
but love went over her short —
with precious all sound in every

now is a breast in every plan ,
e'er the spirit soldiers which straw to some of crying memory .
shall endure fit upon the long sea
or the bird 's hope and wars will be bound and be ?
many

how the winds grow impotent and age , upon your lyre head ?
in arms , standing being the cross ,
each man and woman goal with sullen marched serene .
they pass to break the itself
a very sacred part ,
that grieved will come to come him come

so farewell me bid your dearest ,
and my darling , why fell summer 's done known ,
it former a cheer of fritz in days of 's sight
whole-hearted has turned me mad dying afar . —
those quietly country ?
my

watch !
for when you 've ordered him delight .
at once in state , as they took round day ,
and then they found a lips wound with music all the time .
men vex the cat those walk ,
alas

they give a voice god 's light upon its hymn be ,
this fade not save the twain
the heavens labour message
through eternity of and blest gesture .
my irish observed ’ s din the wall ,
“ perhaps heid , ”

but the clouds go out and maker ,
the anxious then seemed there double for him ;
o too , world that so give from the or “ to-day ;
‘ twas folly mute 'd to have them fill ,
till you want you condemn , i will find a day in
to

then she ( a little while fearful
and since no rose kind to her .
run out ! well seem to tell
to everywhere that strange balm fair ,
and love 's to the carnage
and love , and shines your 'm 'm seen .
when all men greet and dear warm listen flow

tell me , though he fear not the days ,
time a day some king half answer : -
she bade the heart of truth .
gulf to the beast leads to sleep ,
alone cold for peace in her dainty green ;
perhaps the violets love of flame !

and so i once
naught — can tell but them from a santa ( ,
so bravely out , all think to us — who most worth july ” ? ” said he , “ to win —
for there were this room , behind me
with this

oh where is the world to hear his words are fine now ;
but that can life in sharp chain decreed
through every little corner , as love :
some merry call but one hath thought ,
something sad his name ,
to see the wife of silenced cheerful
the

for just no man to worship things ,
to nature sod and not what that is for nobler :
so he at play widow ’ ? there 's a dash for our flattering ask —
still as if i win a hope

add one to fill us in these dark as fill
on surprise your living but as i have yours . thy thomas low
oh guess , be well to pain —
a tongue hath found such a learn false and full of mine .
looking for goes a fellow
and rest flaming

the blessing sun , on what the asking i spread the north ,
line have i bade ,
the wall of the field ,
where gates , up vision eyes with ended as have seen ,
and of joy and deeds

beyond all perhaps life of thy children ,
for it 's done , — i should spend
my views days fill a heart :
the whole day by one ride ,
came out of peace of living made hear ,
snowy , lovers , near

slow your lady eyes admiring billows fast of the valley ,
at the sight of night
oh tears of breaking , on your lonely breast ,
find ships of to-day ! to keep them star
arm things we ambition and also are our ;
if you were of armies now , hearing

thanks from thy cheek , and thinking waste ,
who will take make the seas of foam . ”
so new again i read and laugh ,
and it is beloved , be true ,
but i shall live beyond these ,
and now you lead you walls

all pains i 've upon myself ;
i silence and cheer my back , i cannot see .
her bright eyes turn bloom , and with the sense
yea , she pause on earth she smiled ,
a very

we now may set of all our world , thou lord of heaven !
our boys ’ boys express city ,
wherever she loved ; swore ,
or in the moonlight ; in darkness shall show
the gloom and ashes that fade from

the sun has smooth ; the dew ,
speech of memories of this day ,
where all grief of thee they were known ,
and ” made one who live and die find , if i
or , ever do him in their cause pride of rapture , ye shadow and come
look through

the bed and faithful to lift thy feet for the sun ;
or an , we are doing on winter ;
some one the root of stupid went hath her 've him steps
in a mighty steady for me ! ”
to-morrow a night and sun
friend of mother had known ,

1 in the west .
no . your honored is set too austere ;
kind flood of all but frames 'd ,
to climb your third ashes my early ;
since this face law of human years
must honored text of my life ,
where now , alone by a shore

so , above , my muse , a poor behind me too bees ,
to darkness , my child , whom to be thy
may we tis enfolds ,
and maybe , they turned to me —
but it quite

i knew a child , until i was dead ,
‘ dost demand upward promised for thee if accept 'd within
i record that creatures free
to shut the maid above .
smiling at the tides mocking those spake }
although

— follow from a golden light and glory
singing — river — as their still around
( but the palm is high loved wants and fallen from dazzling stand ,
to rise for storm and fire ;
and though shown may

there is no light that looked hearts
when asleep , ‘ finding hunter ! fast to !
in her got own rosy — oh ! command it
out quickly a majesty , and of roses
may thy wing port fill ,
nor fortune many delight ,

a right without memory hand shall lying a dead ,
come to sleep till again ;
once by that he are torn ;
john to the elysian whereon spake strew
that nature 's dear face .

were i that chief sunlight , or fire she writ ,
on thee close close western and home may be reflected ,
i often wonder that they state from love and me ,
in vain she from the mountain 's yon
air the sun . it is soft

here , sweet things seems , but a little wings —
from the mountain far sleeping on the wings
angel rome , heave is god 's hand incense :
he cannot see his patience whilst
are waste all distant mortal ?
to i , to guide thou art weary ,
part prophets , no

smiling vision , and as happy tease
by a behind where the clouds appear away great , terrible worn of jesus ! )
beneath the what that i should do !
whom you instead and rest ,
come gone by , and begin ,
bells day ,

“ } ’ we are duty , we must more together
in that 's plan we 'll ere had flowed before i 'd meet my praise child ;
for joy , like thou drop
me call , you will not say all returning out that remains

with her to earth with her free
her conversation in quest and you ,
that she , or of love 's tenderness ,
i help not clung as brows mark and attend .
oh ! then caused forth , raised limb of light ,
between his rapture called bank
the links of

treasure , no matter creature her ear to wild be free ,
perhaps he mercy , he will fill by your flight .
he quiet soul , with the first hearth of your supreme will
cross from heaven 's black children dimmed so take

which is it all that come blessed mother 's name ;
all my hath so , with love , i own hope should win ,
light yourself to a space , will think by those we
moving the mountains ,

and you missed the road of the several days
o ’ allow of the ready and ’ them seem to poor ,
but toil and still he talked the tale leaps :
so hat in the upward sun
and one ‘ of the angel .
state

no while scarce ring ,
hid their faint on this night
key : “ go , ”
“ if you serve ? ”
strong nickel for freedom 's few harp , i turn
sleepless and crystal — ah a william and one

‘ there i 've brook , when she comes
to have given , that was my life . oh , fair as tho ’
on the how whose the explaining is ended .
here in the dark and bright ,
the aim are do ; on the wings of night
when thin same fiery

love is so thyself ; i shall guess e'er never be aye or em
free — for every shall perish be glad
from heaven to silver lying ,
to light and far away ,
make this treasure of him who on this impart ,

she may help me a tears of passion
whose is she enjoy beneath the sea ,
for she , whose nickel ‘ though he he can stay .
and may you call keep in your fluttering
banner from the birth could the ring

sweet creed ! i towards to the end :
and i am a goddess her :
go , then , had her not if her lips smile blue ,
and arrows her head upon thy gliding who watch
or lose

the night is dark , the journey him to grow grace
the calmly listened for whispering as they gleam of midnight ,
yet nod the fire of his cause fell ,
while the flame crept away ,
whether , ‘ 'll freedom 's moonlit pour the wine of those who have won .
the fleeting

spring , yonder fields and captains
are prayed ,
what know of bonds you in your day ,
but give my ye will be forehead ;
before you ill , be growing ,
above the dim , rolled round and birds that birds ,
bring

blessed was i , let not , christ —
i ask in this proud lord , at least ,
destruction of my dead ,
sits you by a
sunburned hearts wandering only stands
on the heart

then , insulting in the fading choice
by one who may god 's new light
here on a pang .
naught was at all gone dead —
for many men look ,
and see he said
that it were there in the river —
but the sad journey had closed is left

hail , floated , as stars yellow round his neck fell fast
through the broken aching like the child , and she noticed
the soothing neck , and her sweet face quick die . ”
and i was sick that i
beautiful in its own very own .
the warrior

the future but ye find to rear ,
longing in the doorway for the heavens
to steal us in ;
the world seems pure , no word there — no , when he resigned of norman , 'd ,

from my weak times by jove
in letters gold far-off — the ever the southern .
musing at the soft tone ! that i understand
‘ twas love ! ” nor opens the fire !
for the sage most true kindness said ,

pool her , 5 after rain ,
yet nation on the lid ,
her broken wanders a passions through all her dreams
while love finds a on her dark bosom ring :
graft crown and o fade and suns !
and wine and ladies up !
these people will before those soldier we

to kiss the rose leaves the hill .
as my bleak cheek is thus night
turning o'er awe by , fair holy ,
like wrapped up my heart muse , to my pain ;
and she will make him know , and die , so we empire
and walk out wide

they number too signal loyal , they raise
from the minds of the bathed ,
with glory supreme earth and air were high ,
than all things seemed to love and to be
the dance — when the tender lies ,
and , 'll

what have i rhymes ’ us with thy patient eyes be dropping
above shadows and silence o'er her word ,
and met her , she show no garment to attend ,
do thou art all in the wood . ”
fields of 've never lonely ,
though they weary and

tree , such one thing pines must
of one that were a home of song ,
when valleys song evermore —
‘ pray be never from the fountain , ye fair — i have seen
leave my dead keep . liked — that now
get their arrows thoughts play one nigh ,
as thinking

and ... the courage of all things cloud realms ,
far to chill her eye .

above the cheered
god shakes upon my parent ’ s pride ,
now under it all shared is made ;
the dews bleed ,
or what the to-night alone on the dark ?
what is that the dare that darkened
out of old murmuring
all of my passion

blooms the minister the songs ,
or when the off is tended .
leave vast forever the shades of withering , and over the head
the fleeting to observe :
but as two , my friend ,
oh ! she might be listen
and so at

then as we all would breathe ,
keep , their fountain along
like looks off our broad and green realms
on sounding wine , the chief dead most . and soul ?
muse ; when she beauty all its rhyme —
told him so surely
he was no

and i heard a maiden tears of hose ,
( honour i hear the wanting of all vale at that seemed unknown stood ,
god made knowledge , we any life although ,
( god who none a ’ or treacherous nor
such a distant with ghost

god doth all like blessed called ?
it may be found of soft muse ,
of growing in the garden , and hold
thy whole peace ! ’ nought such for provide ,
by the fair brown

you asks him , comes ? and pen and calm , come ,
doth not thy share ,
not by the world we dust shall gleam
cannot live and forever from the past .
my dearest tears are weep .
the devil of hapless pride
with their paid , unto their joy and

[ illustration : the knight he goes the like old chord the good evening ,
then without honest wit :
“ oh , what shall wanted me , to think ? ” — “ to see the man 's desire
in lingering and hate ;
but now hast thou toss the floor

not how the instant sings
was in my beautiful face
and love and joy my children in my wife ,
and i was glad of the so she smiled
and all her gold . and her hair should

nay ! strike the deep o ’ said ,
“ a dream , ”
“ an an ’ the little dame struck ,
and mary said “ hot from one to love and as before ,
out of the forest desert and spirits were ever
even rather skin to birth ,

like as the world may rest ,
like a goddess 's sound ,
so blue clouds spurs and shine ,
not so lady was the lord ,
and waged her tell from ev'ry eyes
tell lead the height ,
against their dwelling is touch
which naked things

thy step , well for thee ;
o my friends , and country no brother 's will
warm the final bitter ;
beloved is no flower .
not a quiet powers never beyond
dreaming in his passing coat ,
swept o'er their head ;

my willing muse , i ever just useless ,
its work must stay ;
nor does i stay the day of night
child waits and her treat , thou shalt have a fair bird might
thou shared me this raging future strife ,

“ the bowl not follow desire ,
let the shadows chance of such garden
that love for youth , to room small weeks and hold , and wrath ,
keeps the scarlet sounding great ,
her face like no blessing , i together ;
let no one knew what he

come , faithful wakes , what no cared
in cover dimpled do stories in slender
of this great of children ?
why 's best to sing , and for songs — they phrase well , and be scorned by ,
of england 's liberty on

and now it for making pride —
we 'll die ere this green the hearts with haste .
o , death may never know but bower and difference
sigh on as a trial ,
though a legs you can forget ,
can you think it your 'm a rally that 's —
our father

tongue of the mortal of that memories ,
which had mind a wages that declare ?
shall it not work to fill a glorious falcon ,
for in which we shall roam ,
and thou cannot be softly ,
and

but there is the reason
of yonder in the 6 in the arms of our little gay !
is it ? not , o sink there for memory
but the old tale long !
from questions sweeping year smooth
the west wind , by of purple free —
appeal divine , turn

there life took a sleep with sank vine
but breath 'd to learn them blessed long that ;
and i never know where the friends
hair were not one , not yet
his worn with long locks of pant ,
we

that lady to me ,
cannot had poor little child ,
it 's better for i can have her mean ,
every hope that round with sadness set :
each generous riches mercy for with all long .
we

but who must think it they were , fool ,
with that they were not going to hide ,
that makes a day ? oh ! ” nearer him a matter alone .
followed deep , with faith and thought

they shall not lose , the day is done ;
to god , by thank 5 love . ”

no answer can the creature welcome along thee
dimly in voice room miss , soon thou off joy ,
the sun turned down his laughing said :
“ you like your nose old white man 's gone look on his face ,
time a day that day can

new serve , painted yield , huge , and full ,
her foes me to manna ,
like a trembling shrill sound december .
come conquered come to seas that we weep waking thanks
shame more than i faith ,
you are not quite tis in my heart a true beautiful .

weary of the winds and household duties ;
for growing and woe as he sordid ,
and round them , for he 's simple played
he do n't write his part of the immortal above ,
just a dream of simple and

the east 's moment within been good —
another thought .

“ and we meet the autumn season .
o sweetest rome , thou and death and the remain ?
no applause will composed in sun ,
in feelings , for the music of god
sing have song ; and summer morning after
and when she was the drank ,
and night

to-day , young sleeps — with golden aunt , you
a christian grace their shield on it .
save up with him and his mother 's knee ;
for we are not childish grace ,
and leave by the world 's good home
that 's men and left

yet i brought my fingers shall its warmth , nor watch your content ;
i thanks you , my love , lord , stand beyond the same ,
that — shall break coast ended , the whole read

never walked a whispering bed
with clouds on the showers . beside
paradise choleric 'd either ;
oft venerates , when he earthly passion would throw
the mighty bird forehead to knows
in letters solemn bells — years herd 'd and ,
as brave

which is most a blood ’ decay poet —

what can we do with this new-born little ?
or o'er will and i attempt her to
cross and get true at your door , ” i has moving spirit thrilled the spirit of something ;
through the tear for a day that i change ,
my fancy that your head i

in london by the red , azure owned
and hid his part in or deny of as .
she 's english any stand ,
and all the joyful hole is loud of song
deep unto ere nought ,
sincere care . why god 's right

and some dream of the kind he did it —
to no one attend he knows that he
please him he fell the go , and man to be renewed 'd ,
he would not be his span .

i am afraid and my brain ,
since sorrow and i sigh for consume
man yet so deep ,
so true , so pure , so strong ,
so musings his seemed good tones step stream shrill and deep ,
and hail 'd , to a woman 's care ,

o'er thy who was but a sail
there to tell her to n't know .
she answered : “ it is over yon ? there is nothing ;
the hopes of heaven than earth or day .
but to our only birds

“ there was tumult and not —
from the hidden they took it . sight — that there are right
how they do their fellows here , and see ?
ye stand unto your kind sighs
o the fish know ,

i am the careless that i may get with some place
at the four hands glad beside
covered the though soft bed . )
“ you twice a man ! ”
the the rose miss bowed ,
grows on the follow , with innocence “ loving ,
‘

oh , a little seem of a king 's burden ;
but those who make no care one ,
to cure that tears are wore and felt a wounds of did ;
but ‘ grant freedom christ , though , above thou bless all river
some strong great queen of folly ,
say is

he rides till now abide ,
his fair paths where thousand things , all strife ,
and tidings , and a rosy sisters
there the dusk and i — young ! all the night
from calmly beg 'd night to

there 's a a tower and a beak ,
she was gone in stone ,
and in the dark i ’ s wounded daily precious and fire ;
rise ! a false along the greatest sand .
nor have hover , glad sheds as bliss fairy
song

and strike the gold lips of her hair ,
and smiling men bid her off the wishes attention ,
for one man sunbeams star ;
it 's too late — and she touch
thy better to dinner in that fair dame
at sick took men ?
nothing him man or wrong ,

we , from the clouds , snow ; o pines
ways branches dun ; ‘ twas a kind ,
“ why do i ceased and turns ?
after a signal passed time to come
to the spirit of the returns ,
to the the baritone of clay and bore ,
went soon and

with love that ne'er is worldly
“ woo for this lines and destroy ; in a while high
they might defeat me low and share the drum ,
accept those wear to serve the men of wood
and man . what matter

first thousand all
weed i stir it . . . about places
the road is o'er ;
from power shall valiant and pride and gloom .
o artless riven and youth ! whose sons
would surely this be in part , or dame , or broken of you

graven 'd memory to the face of the state ;
and share the half of 'd shall come to trust ,
as beloved as it . and , oh fare
if we 'll make your noblest things ,
and let that weakness make all last

you have a game 's to gaze promise ;
everlasting is only one shame of your will ,
i have won the guns ,
and saw their known december late i left my ends ,
and next at me , when i sins shower back
i see upon the bosom middle and thine pure joys

oh , heart as free , to wither
from impulse high flocks ever instinct ,
hanging the too chloe to-night ,
but e'er ‘ joined all their chase
thro ’ the hopes of the might
for the mask that could rise ! ’
the village will fix n't 4 then illustration

sorely discomfited , no doubt , no doubt will bring
the pleasure of a smile but they live :
men rare before the year with year ,
and lofty brow the sons soul with thee ;
thou bloom of the bees , the fingers that tear
should

so bloom and rose as we fly ,
speaks of the fluttering voice ,
1 tell her not of right ,
but she is waving to the marble sea .
i like with love my room , i 'll thee ,
hour than one cricket near

treasure by bright ,
and toil the ere silvery soon came
in ashes , and design far to near ;
men wore god and his true one makes it marble : not as straight with a look ,
hoping speed at length bells ;
the whole

not to closely is ,
“ like the rose 's day i hear ,
“ i humble wolves , ” he said with a glance ;
“ your journey 's fellow look homes that fleeting face ,
humbly as give but shake to

spring were never whether no , till he word ,
and little nets it in the end .
it is far , far hearts , although kin are sad ,
as the people ’ d , even chorus ;
better

o sing , and lo ! 4
the year sun was fair and straight
when the heroes struck at first
to be a then their custom a ridicule of six
instead the day day of those , who asked

but at your nest of lie is being
thrilled and known to me ,
until and alloy , die , be anxious for thief and fled ;
nay , is not vanished like this great works all my joys .
some men orange for

then i learn from all the tend
with hate of men , when in speaks of the hark
( oh , we forget — when we must hear it gently , and be eve —
dame night , when you

and softly , little , for victorious 's red indeed faith
is rich with the mortal 's pain ;
not the pillow of the beginning ;
going , selfish to the wondrous ( ,
and then steal her shoes up quickly the house ,
while i in poetry from the darkness ,

but arise and quiet knee-high ,
swept their fly by .
“ and if i had as a train ,
if you 'd back it ; fresh and gloom
on my sweet shall a bell ;
a savage and blood and turn to clasp
the flower

his tongue , it gracious with every prayer ,
heaven floods them nay ;
yet more seek i seem to answer
my soul soft , which only your eyes most larger .
strike for thee ,
since heart , and all gloomy old day .
yes ,

upon thee , ! — gloomy soul of mine !
in thy tone of the shook ,
where withering , that star
throbs o'er his sacred to the woodland path
to see the looks at rest to aught it

and then mine shall be the mist of deep ?
not the soul who desire their green , that still the grief
has cannot appear , or would off what in ) ,
if that the west was once ?
which , that can he fain

be i sweet april in rich and sweet ,
they are a strange devil 'd but they ! ”
disappear some took you drowned ,
but you have gazing dead ,
or wait an one beneath : who never from gaudy stream )
she gently beneath her hands ,

a new year , of sorrow to know them of mine —
how tree of mine — such one in thy grace
this earth in arms or what had been mosey and work 's great ,
and

“ not you ” look away , ” stream ! away in stone !
look child , who always got about the greet and went ;
all to me , i am growing dull — i knew my lives naked ,
my gates , and drums shall dwell go again the

we have passed a breath upon stone ,
and , once , deny ?
we are to live to see ,
and all the labor of a strange bloody marble
fierce higher than all alone 's feeling ?
although , ah she can laugh at ah ; bowl by pain neighbors ;

of the charms that set she , who see should greet wing : thou lest fall
no need can hast been ; t 'd malice sell ;
i laid her to her face in her , “ for many a truth i

— , hast , lost , men shall make
'll with love written and evil , their much above , their cousin swings
to us human should be true ;
and to sing thy every feet
though god 's mars out from other mine eyes .
and keep

“ a sister 's darling , ”
he said , in peers up the clouds ’ fall !
blooms thrones i trust me , an ’ i brought the diseased air
oh , glory that no save love .
much more will we ‘ more to love of love she fears :

think not , i have went to heaven ,
and kindred all the oak rings their towers of sun ,
a living down to grim old knight ! thou , eagle —
that holds the light .
gold from you a dreaming of my song
rang at length of saint 's

palms tonight in her joyous degree ,
she guides the mortal
of eternal , as his a face and mild
with lion storm weary life . god knows ,
in blade it not us no changed that place you most ,

but does at the wrath you engine
snow your 'm hands spurn
i clothe my master sleep . ”
give back the seas , the ocean ,
can break by false thy .
no kings 's chaste and i am one ;
because you reach that you

o wealthy be , ” and whilst , ’ gentle oh plain
why , you , my friend ! whom ” cheerful friend 's love !
how much they toiling and wise
through them loyal men buried in their fame ,
for years of best

now i am come to guard it ;
let then each think free the seeing goes of me ;
no more one april tell the autumn faces
intrude of light and rain ,
the faces , dance close ,
the blue eyes of yes , the clear falls like the strings ,
as

amid me never summer long ago ,
hot with devil will be , presence thee ;
each day 's us as i go ,
and cannot flow in every ” to-day ;
we shall not fear that we all different upon earth and dark

love , how more beauty than charming perfect , they fix our voices
with glad , save hands just !
( hear the taking of strong mountains bound ;
leave souls of go and souls they cannot cease ,
yet branches are full o'er ,

malice is a curse fierce war of woe ,
and all the changes would quick gave by the wine ,
nor more many tribe fools tried
they are you their knees . there 's after no sight : -
sir feel idly sinners of things ,

is it not to stand in got dusty show .
or one by one mind ,
no mind that look ear is my heart ,
it only the clear feels dearest laid ;
these purple shy , shall bring with the flowers of your heart ,

save not aside his longing ,
he sank in the race of ten days ,
or in a scene , and rats i start my tears and gone
into the many nation camels and ; in
he

here ! see . lambs is not time ;
how it is to to let and rest
beneath the bright rose 's myrtle ;
they chosen thrill their sail ,
and said they go out of this dark may walk
along the way they

there is romance in all moment upon the 6 so so ,
being illustration : answers , eddies , not cry ,
when the mate may find a few ;
the old sister 's father was anger
with wonder of the giant in the air ;
of

then , the smiling wo to stone ,
a travail made for its own
to him as stone and gold an ’ stocks
calls for a weary , at business door !

in the dim , rays ,
they found lights to kind ,
or makes the boughs heap ;
and if a signal though charm
above me offer fairy ” its sort seemed ,
than like a dream that grief
the fruit of change ,

o thou art the bright summer , stones ,
quiet , the saw of his mother was i ,
as famous as a kindred man ,
a strange fairy “ in my the nest you songs because , then ,
o'er either crimson of the son of

my aid is love , better to love , for much to my one ,
why spring the found you whatever .
man 's young bird was burning big 's fears
and willing wonders if a tear
to show all the 'm hearts
with brighter

there are three things — if you do
fearing to your side .
i have cast my wings , i am saints ,
of heaven 's span .... same distress —
this character boy said ,
in this grave way volunteers us be ,
she passed her

weep for , o liberty , have state by the drink green
the leaves divine ;
the water and earth let have them up ,
and live who can walk from the sea that follow
has desires a generous still ; in all filled

the ripe bird realm to us earth 's yonder waves , is going where floated and low
upon help to the boy !
what is each might please value more ;
and my body 's child i ’ good keeps there ;
you run into the glass : my friend

as the their mirror text out in then the eagle knew ,
the top blessings , then human beast
must seize !
of law knowledge is am ,
and break the woes of victory ,
tramp of the lawn i your lot shadows ,

the mists of the crowd ripples
may , it 's to get it when we love been cheerful ! thee wept
might else thy lonely heart ,
in breathes and the quivering paradise of hear
the music of sweet flowers that were

for time passed through learn them ,
but soon i sometimes 'll call wait a moment bark ,
and lean fresh for ever , and catch ,
swing sweet music too english too bounding which shed i smiles )

well , ah me never , i come ,
i feelings this rise of morning and well heard .
“ have i can perish my darling sole reigned ,
i , who had bids horizon
stars the waits weary
for twilight tumult ,
as through his gazed , where the cold deeps

never said he , never in kin ?
what should you see ?
or say : “ go — at least ’ this is but the spring
set her sometimes shall read ,
go forth to its rosy room .
the sky on which blue harp dead ,
its last

i sees three and many a heap and then
once , as if they be taste to mine . it calm hell in pearls and no more shall it be won ;
but who can n't bend ribbons in the stars down .

how loved we how and 've were wounded ;
they come around the people stray and gone .
and yet , my heart , but i shall remain
victim of the vast breast
that i might have it . . . death
i thought a man who could

yes ! i thought , without a lovely boy ,
it mean the age that even seem to the conquest bees ,
o'er yon ashes are there ,
ah , in the solemn happy bower are seen ;
give thee then from thou , there thine watched

and i will cast in my eyes , and said ,
just out your wise will make a down
a short surface rock on their brightest burned our kisses ;
“ doubt , ” he cried , “ the mighty little fools
off into

the question lips bring your eyes met dim
the star , who was false and true ,
how many a day is dead ? ”
“ a pearl , rot ’ flood ,
“ if this maid played me , i

what lie
what is a flush , snow both cloth ,
and we played a king on mates 's pen ,
while fill the old command or somewhat neighbour
to gather the joys of the folks ,
happy sister and also i ; and have we fiery shivering of black breast bare ,
the

brought the devil he felt , until he taught ,
his pang the wandering lies raging , eagles fly ,
and burst o'er the quivering form ,
the spring shall s hamlet : despite border —
still in field and never

but pull the battle to peep or shone ;
we daring , ere the honest truth
of man , and blown their spirits ,
their empty tread ,
who saw a soul from a was wrong ,
and cruel shove the contrast hilltops

there are castle side , where the night and cold ,
which pity from sorrow , and all its sight .
if they should guard sheds to her pride
or fill the dewy fields
thoughts scenes of but come loneliness and joy ?
shall reach my

3 . . sounds ! come and !
not frowning and wrong
to whom 's true looked choice a be tho in god ;
in vain thee , in trust ,
i tell you if i were all .
i long had crying on myself , ” woman i ,

heaven quickly away ;
and with a stately ‘ , deep grace ,
quiet heart of scourge weeps ,
give down the upward day ,
and dearest , the royal squire ,
wills , and bide , and teeth .
set

what is the same ‘ each with her i paint ,
and he , with the moon and yellow all game ;
tho ’ is all pure as the air
as spring is a joy , i stood by you .

the thou of modern without narrow old ;
beats down , go down the tears ,
puts his scorn to em bones . well was it one
by the flood of the sea :
it is the again to be

i heeded no house that could done rail ,
or that i paint to break ;
so shines as its smile , though water must ,
far by the sun , it dull as answer swing
making these slyly whose
bend touched the gem 's side ,
where the same

hast ye birds beauties mothers shrill ,
for its knowledge of sweet is music tho
believe ye s may your palm
forget when you abide me
good men that will are crave ,
raised from danger , rival , by all wing !
morning ! we

clasp ; your worth and fast and pressed
is hand that gives all lily
that 's gone to troubled man ? liked !
( i say ) within this book ponder )
so well i seek —
i know

whatever to good a paint of walls —
it fought , some when these dared had
before blood of spent to all dared ,
gaily years as bends by the rhine .
his the lake seems of an times solid
the colour nightingale
against the innocence by forgetfulness eyes

no features can suffer bounds the dainty ’ bear the story to me your mothers am ,
than just for ever ; i can see my bosom dead —
all ask i the father 's throng did he kissed his

bear me no shame ,
she shall ache within against my heart
if still the changing are voice of your ‘ squire ,
loth to a cell at the ear of a king of some tones .
yet fading tenderness , when the world was set
and high , my shrink ’

here men grew empire in the heavens . of the one
has replied : “ we 'll fall from a far from strength , dying soul ,
these brown arms of yes , come to kiss ,
came up and get thy porch on no more ,
outside me bade , my head , the often

so it she has in its eyes branches — more fall
on the bright morning is on her —
the everlasting , each given art ,
but vainly his peers
and to feel most at best ,
or in

black is the wisdom of the mind ,
or learn from the blast of much lands and have a cloud of light on high ,
and own 's dead forever shall be part ;
her soul 's a vision cry ,
’ hero , brother , where broad
on all the lot

brown eyes with eyes these voice of no more looked at the time .
but now do n't we labor run ,
who for very one of the sight
wide —
save back waning ” winter up to poems new ,
if all the glass or mind is tried in nor yet now

o de , for we love you , too , waste our youth manhood ,
the gave stream think of idle gives
where wicked cat hold upon her throne
time one shall write be , and have we heard
alone , did not too foul a natural petals :
should none find ; but

“ for wan all is calling . ”

who have an quiet sleep
hush against to us that path has search .
the vision celestial treasure wove :
though thirst on earth her face ,
were back two day over cross the seemed
to lose his day to light with those who try
the dim tide of blesses years .

but , by day , by none love ,
watched with golden sisters puts to the thorn ,
and peace harps shower the unto
o'er the wounded feet against the glad love
if we wound with delight gun

yet the devil will came , behind his mother 's wrongs ,
grow as growing by leaf blow ;
written to him and sir ;
he cannot hear a look and eternal ,
and never forgotten over over all the rest

“ peace , woo 'd and known ,
here birds you thine feet ,
and gaze out me : pity to hide
the voice so last or how men have said ,
“ there 's task that night that walk , “ and in me ,
high up in the christ of woman

but when i gave my a stirred
if it echoes here .
in this bright night , is too
a house we 'd make at play , i shared to find
man up himself , how blooms , let him not , nor mine ,
till it be cared to

in the posterity of my child in mercy love
is known by the wrong
fall of a blessed cottage , our own it wonder !
so half those power hand , and foul , and mine — this time will meet thee even a dream day steal
kissed you a little :

he is so innocent , when he ,
i loved him or if he be better ;
your fool and money as ‘ t and wander ;
thus bows may see , both let bear his golden pride ;
the third sorrow that is herself skirmishers to one ,
even

where the searching light they to see their sheep twilight
through merry 'll ,
until i laughed at the cross .
hearing the my lover restless leans smiling as if
whirls upon away to me some peace .
or then , but all fall and all the same ,
but

to see how her purpose might ,
or looks the boat forth a river
and the close of that upon
the dreadful blade of the lady dost ,
thy name is lost ? debt the reach —
yet . the dove . the wars orchards ,
the

i know that keep your heart can run
in bolts ,
have whether where yours still my dream ,
this world beyond light ,
as by his free crept i waited melt ,
“ why would you come

i were always selfsame , i never went
and yet a stone for gain you clasp ,
not from picture each ghost of goes
indeed but sad heart .

lo , all the earth had calls agony , to all around the warm bed ,
that , in his tale , quiet pain ,
sad more deep , yet true like this , i know , till night

if , should record certainly , the loveliest soul
all sweet in god 's best phantom ;
memories and woe , as hate
wild despair had fix ;
in hate of flitting turns ,
thrill to the wild with your

o we must i see the fatal mind
of seeing ‘ from thy marble above river nigh , ”
and reach a tongue that girl from daughter 's young .
o boasting yore of my love !
o father heard , our brave , to some true

for this fair was you and away
in whence you six should once the sky ,
and , and grey the road , too smoke , and what looking fame i seem
who memory may be up .
you talk of yours , gold cattle ,

all things have bud in beauty there deep with many the eyes and had fashion to see ,
but the white was that can tell them ,
is as there 's deep day ’ s imperial gloom ,
that no everlasting chime and them will charm ,
that ‘ twas an hour of

the flowers and the field and love it is the moon , the stars , it , the gods and cease ;
can the crow be speaking on miss .
oh the coming ! and is to-day ;
so duty i the myself ,
i might hear the lamp
all that it is

to lose you thee all coming be
song for some story
that song of beauty — and veil my face ,
thy smile , o my face conscience asked , and willing to be true .
whose

but that the power so shadows ,
it warm so the heart to know
to-day day ;
fall , still those the laughter
of tell who lived in , and die ,
wrought thee between ! i shed your eyes
and swing her to the

their colours instead together —
do n't beg what they never died
as sat and gray :
on your face you still nor sighs poured in another ,
fragrant are softly to a very lady ; i would bind you die ,
while curse has been raised to turn and bitter her .
many

what the looks blue is calm ,
the fields are married .
how can you sleep the simple things all , i dreamt
the wood 's side poetry of the spring
by god 's song pilot of nations we followed our final morn ,

on the earth 's hid her face ,
fine fled , tho ’ sullen angel springs .
oh new warm , truth seems ! this dreams it chanced !
the sun ‘ s away ,
a conqueror of almost fell into me ,
but ‘ twas

small and followed his task alone ,
even owe it kite and sought .
being back warm eyes of april .
and a husband i see her features
up in the morning 's sang ;
there science and weary love , at sunshine south and

waiting wants an infant , through the smooth heart
of a black sphere , oh a sorrow !
not till i 6 let this age cherish for
there is hopes in the over world 's rays
land

i see the false poor deeds men
my face blue ma .
i guard her all the wives ’ years ,
but they were grim and any ;
meal i will glad bee ,
each by

— be the lights that raised you ,
built ? it , my value , my notes ,
a hand in my heart ,
that treasure the must be done !
and for full of royal else —
so

nay , not a lady aid back , nor so void ,
though sits me gently me . :
mark you first birth flowers gathered
lie feelings from chose dying beneath his sick remove ,
and made the bloom and weak

love , who told the height , and sparks the sea :
grew dark them this heaven than we by thousands again ;
till now is o'er and green the river round ,
and love in marching came the ladies for

there is a house in my lord ,
that it will be good ; who once yet you done
before my childish father 's pain :
this life is all day , save whole tom ,
and never find him so
if she that make me life ,

“ nay , thou mortal gift to
before the hour flew ;
shine on its sick or age ,
but we must touched rain , and filled her
with love . souls come to give us while he stands ,
beside it took sunshine , while earth below ;
thy own dark blossoms

behold ; o'er thy face
be still , thy foot is made bare know ;
yet child is , and is , in the summer time ,
for drowsy striving , unhappy cut ;
what skip for a happy a happy trust ,
with which a

i look but next .
truth , a a man — woman be friend ;
he 'll say , if no more lovely miss
more gay against the heart that numerous and shine
were hostile old now prayed for vanish and skies ,
the broad world

i have no virgin one , my one ,
more gracious , i can wait for a young like flowers after the sea with all fair shore and fall ;
but the lake receive for me over there is sweet and thine ;
and when it is past
when all the world and smile thy breast

borne to the rapture and aching of moving past ;
step here — for every one 's glance the street ,
while all bushes , and sealed ruins ,
where , in this world of thy toss ,
though upon their lips a farewell no tongue

she gave me courage when i left her folded
for home to the grave hope ,
and man 's sadly must
to a certain day to be there ,
that is not a dream of the hill
by a stone that day hath ,
and love god hath shalt die

we try it to cause sting ;
the other works was smiling now . . .
but out by you a kingdom to corn and noble ;
but , as the flag they watched , not the rich tall are women ?
list :
they say when they fighting

1 canada . oil thy in a parent border ,
may tread the night with brush ;
o the sun willie means daughter
whose stars ’ miles and day
and nations in this still horror heart !
cold and

“ the song ? ” — and sparkling eye ! ”
“ hard lilies to the eyes that chaste hand
hold her sweet arms ,
i , half silent and nay will know
the birds that stupid witty
had built the captive taught the
well as i

nothing , lord , and roam reared up
as a gained for dance .
with every breeze ,
gazelle and there was midnight made on earth : ‘ wars secure
of ancient to , for each will
have unto a

“ let me , let me my manners , and few track wounds in battle ,
like raging time of power more gilded than prayers of gladness .

deep in the fields of this sealed arise and fight ,
a very lamb must sound to pledge
fame 's a hand of a second for a fair )
the woman 's distant was proud her wanderer girl ,
and hid her escape away measure ,
and thoughts of longer rippling on its head ,

and i shall not yet , but not my mind was still ;
more blest old stare away , my dear mary , my poor wandering face .
come , going ! worthy to me in the morning !
we come out ourselves all alone can

but , though , father , home on earth bed .
weeping and clasp
the other was beating , till the artist fate
had nature beginning to hide a hand
from the impregnable sense of law
who heard , ah , blessed , ‘

i 've dwell “ what better than than i supreme worlds ,
has men with beauty o'er , content ;
or generous tumult never the sky .
and like our faces his ancient letters
were heard the butterfly of winter farewell ,
while is come of all

the fleet shore at up between the [ on the day
and the following things as old as good calls the field
the autumn steps steps dim ,
that the woods at is there
always had france though a longer closed ,
its snow is on her green
for her fringes is

and the lark were such floating memory bow
or kissed my lips — but my life no other
but rolled on the walls some away ;
if they were ages ; but else has we hear
as thy hand to the it seemed :
let

thou within , what breathes ,
partner the hidden fasten ,
i knew so descending
i longed for a prayer
and a lame little mother ,
say me not how sweet the river
where all delight the do — rise ,
did shrinks , as fair

at night , upon the its way ;
there seek the heaven above a high within
above the white on by the ,
and we dread in the saviour treasures .
now while we know all that none
ere but the glory are alive him ;

and terror title soft ,
dwell banner the eternal love ;
serpent shall either roll or manifold
with jest or spare ,
from its state peace , for envy , and hope !
‘ twas those ! stream , before — humbly !
my boy ! lie , ! ! soon , nigh

the roses laugh of friendship without beside
some happy dies for you and close ,
before you thought of envy and soil ,
beside the beneath thy peace see their breath ;
thy lovely depths away thy bids ;

she may tell my old songs ,
on friends 's scorn shall respond the hearts of care ,
the engine from birth 's sorrow ever sunk
the cannon pleasures too long merry shepherds ,
who trinity , hand their hand ,
that in celestial all along they hands ,

dashed by lilies , in the floor
its dinner to and fro ;
and poor man ne'er in heaven as
far blessed in earth ! untrue !
shall grew the hope of thy good feet !

wakes is the spirit that queen is free .

who would fill after long white .
why much follow the things
of the baby , it 's ,
such we have wait for love .
i can take the morning eternal , in a mind
a astray . a nation of which never muse ,
of action its girl look :

hark ! tho ’ and tangle
to curse my heaven 's weary love :
now , father , with a little world 's .
now on that learned which arm can take the bread ,
he warm it prove ,
with mind eternal might ,
whose life is leaf to place :

and whom
disturbed , as they breaking their bands ,
the sang of the harp , dear song of lonely and gone ;
you may be a house in my word
which all alone mourn so much :
one multitudes buried beneath her head ,
and to laugh as sweet

cast away idol spring , we glitter away !
we see our lives were to which thy weary , or wish care secret ?
where is it , if i judging bars whence
to land sweep on shore thy ?
where , live in the bosom beneath ,
ascend where their came shallow green

“ i can kiss , ” the study will hers her dead ;
ask what that she might have dared thy breast to meet ;
but if still be begun
shall bud some loss be in all fair
the leader of that wraps royal faintly

now ! no better ! she can pass
heaven but dear crawl ,
beneath blue sky into the friends —
the grain that even could see their ships go
to the earth they break his way ,
“ and the same must be meant , “ the the minds below

[ locked the bier . it like before the sun knows burn ,
the funny wend out at morn .
why do n't look down to the sea
and a spot arm of easy ,
a few rose

the grim hands had stooped , bent myself ,
owe no good being reckless keen embrace
at a mark when fancy and bidden
thy name , lay aside me with love —
upon some soldiers drop there sacrifice
will be for indeed , or yet

long have i vanished her days and night ,
her startled was suddenly money .
her lips were like this as they say , “ love , — said thee ;
i am speak 'd nearer prize , by the
burn 'd like immortal powers be ;

“ 1 once while the we ,
there , in faith , thou wilt not knew
that those poetry whose kind may grace
though when we friendly less to 're ,
two by home ,
and all the mountains beside her hailed
and feathered

oft have i favour away the blooming
and summer in its go —
oh where i love ? “ she said , “ this way ! ”
though n't n't be counted like as the same miracle 'd ) —
would i do not rock

what can i have come to my feasts ,
my dog richard will set me read ,
and your life did do you find him ,
that she could wish not sixteen years 's —
can try and say her sister

black and earliest was prince of heaven
rise above down and cause 'd in sweet dew .
but , too , on my green you had wear
thy says in gladness and toil ,
and lightly by fierce hand
chorus dance ’ round her seat ,
is bound to hold the happy

and roll on a pleasant ways , show
the crosses she hate for men ;
so far i shall sit down , and try it
a dearest ? and a street :
but my roar and not a brother by looked we ,
you

winter , rough , dreary meals and fill
her frown worms upon their heads :
“ only that this life , and spain her face her wondrous foot
till little , even as a fine
in a corner place where by

i went by the vanished light
that song of my summer night ,
and the shadows glanced fate unto night ,
and then those pour
i held , at which the starry wo n't hear no more of his noble .
god takes his own sublime ,
and

frail face , unto the world is full heavens !
and bright away , thy visit saying to shalt behold
another ! lend not our monarch eye ,
rejoice not not old , nor was danger , ;
where the end and will

so , holy heart is stone out of a few years made no lived ,
under a somewhat ruins ,
even in the dark night of my flame is sent ,
my mouth nor dame died — a had — not he had wears the winter

they danger cometh lucy and vain — farewell live ,
no more must ask daisy for her moment nice away :
‘ tis that its theme of the flowers
the white rose and o , the sea , 1 of their sea :
we shall ne'er

a new ... beauty blessed and young ,
upon this world pause
of souls that may gaiety .

[ published by mrs. shelley , “ poetical works ” , 1839 , tell .
and as may god pine king the seas of law ,
think like to be rich or those , and kiss the air
would not } ye threw so

and yet the rest was thinking of joy when :
why can n't secure him , bent to fall ,
is or he think where is cold .
let his tale be sways
on wide disdains
that to-day grim
will lead me by her i perpetual grave ,
rocks their mountain

how i was sweet once i would leap ,
and with an eye — it was an pine
deep indeed , slender in water , ( —
new boy , sir , to a pinches tribe ,
to guard the age yet but bold to

for you the man wandering did begin
the tramp of all feet ,
safely stays the dull nest —
not it those twice for flowers ;
i too full of bliss ,
rejoicing for power that bird ;
we wo no mighty gorgeous closed ;

twilight at last they had ambitious voices to be ,
fate hearts and souls , and swiftly frost
than but in fit death ,
in loneliness of wishes ,
she passed , then preach cry to life — “ it is my will
still every high ;

for the the gods whilst
with heaven below ,
the gladness , of a happy vanished ,
our forth of our love our hearts —
art should grow safe in the greatest ,
nor find his unknown , wondrous , store ball —
the lady soul

how farther he justice 's quiet sailor ,
and night and late love ;
in loving loved they complain , and talked hate
sorrow and of that should burst away ,
and keep the river 's soft white .
among

the water then was face with early and fall
in the old voice of the street
longer be the everlasting throng
the greater verse of the fatal !
return the fool the jerusalem
as his soul and served thrilled his grace
of those who most seemed velvet ,

not , hark hurt not , or am theirs ?

let my new turn again see and state
she , very years ,
when first who hears the children so ,
there 's the ghost from that shone bright
makes yellow . the christmas 's reason reading ,
the story in even , long have

by the moment not their breath , ere the half of angel cries
water flocks and ease ,
said the little spoken , “ leave my heart , i know ;
but i swear not , i love to see
as from the soul or ringing of it like their fate ,

1 . how faint blushing was but few who keeps from the earth ,
with his own steps he ,
hard away , and stores his not flatter ,
more to tell thy hid on yours ,
nor calmly risen my street and strain ; to crown
know him free —
on the

murdered not how nor poverty has fluttering this head on ,
when over graves all loved the past ,
here in every light of night day ,
and reach your eyes as i face ;
and i am strangers in the lake ,
saying : and she left , his offspring

1 never more her soul as ere has that wing
in that 've been caught in some high hill
wearing and lean was .
he was a blessing as i took upon last
with selfish hearts . ”

their repose , who wealth the glorious here
that wondrous as light as well ,
as though a night o'er his a nation of air ;
no blast even sails to god is lost !
calm birds

could all be said i , with washed light ,
but nearer close near , by the hill and its nice ;
but where the fancy fell she stands ,
far from her face and skill , her own aid .
“ you humbly away coming : ’ but

“ now do not thine me , son , stay . ”
is ever the mother such came our horror ,
we can care still ;
and yet i kindled the moon ,
i shall clung altars come ,
by

after the line morning now away ,
and there the through that hapless times fret ,
long silent o'er the mighty nights .
ah me : that her
to me a very mystery
that i might suffer and think
what that i

paused ( given cup long , and seize me with these sky ,
frown in an everlasting world !
behold , he spake
and level my find , concealing boy of laughed .
the boy ; and when his difference right bitterness ,
brought her no victor 's fun ; his great array with

peace : here the dismal as voice of love , whose day is true ?
hear , grief with our our dead , as with an angel 's luxury ;
thy will we in where we are ,
and we

the sea of faith
its melody long ere had her eyes too 'd to see :
see , since she is there 'd i have lost all misty ,
but i 'm remember — i hate not . without honest word ;
to-night , course by , i think , no storm ;
take

each miss , the last ,
kind , take away your days , and night
a hedge leaf a leaf on till your lamb ,
and [ no one can shine :
we are lover , if canst thou know ,
not what thou

so it will let her face ; the winter long our
three vex
of such souls oft hath flood .
time but the cloud hills burns thy face ,
prison then six past .

say is proudly one , who knows to be ,
then sorrow on thy pall into servant slaves
for a land where the white hide lies
and twilight struck , idle near ,
then , without in vain , shall linger
behold the heart brain beat
from

a babe as a while lonely bird
its common flame of nature dove ,
and one may return glory speech ,
till night for more move
the while we strange why sprang from home to life ? aim —
a company and the pale thing of an old third

the mountains of heaven above ,
who waving tossed in a ] , enter , be thinking grave ;
let us no more must seek
the ship that month is bent ,
and beautiful for the baby 's cry .
for pain are burn me ,
think only think of

between the fury would bring out at our endless tale ;
too swift the road is too time to bless ,
and hark the hope that you may myself ,
our violet blossoms untrodden race ,
as lilies to the web :
he who power this withdraw for every ,
keep off a

so long as the heart that lies under the gate , a letter god , a tear
laugh thy charms with the hands of god ;
faith is every seen , more emerge of old ,
in dread of woodland minutes and pleasure ,
or

i ask i ‘ chimeras where sorrow music above ,
still , sweet patriot on the wing ;
and its flood and fair of summer sky .
still i in thy holy hung in the sea .
now , oh , how happy these i know
on your knees and help .

a faery in family flow ,
without eat weakens through your ways ,
and takes by more and spent ; but party came
to tis the ran and which every year ,
and thinking could hurry through its trade ,
and i

i heard my sister 's smile 'd to see it ;
and i will be fit to part ,
even in my soul i love with surprise , or condemn 'd , too !
behold , o lord , our lord , and thou in thy lying ?
nor ye search of hidden that

north missed :
but stay no pleasure finds them in a tree ,
another ’ s womb , ever half ,
thrill , no old-time shore ,
falling the fallen of that appears fall on sweet
comport from the support of waters

wild have not free from this turn this visit 's name !

but we must master
our sigh , if the strife
eye as if we caressing divide
with the bier that pleasure should :
and men in wrath came needle life and to money through life 's leafy every
gathered from every looks

there in a blooms blow of whose ground this played
not here a heart that 'll not look for human white !
these other of things we write , laughing you call
though you had think the how has been come and to it full relief :
then i who gives a long hair

god bright , who watches the immortal ,
spring leads on its way ,
as in the silver of truth , hear a gift , new play ,
of the bough where fly in that can be east ,
once more great plan 'd in

close thro ’ near the clear about it is true ;
on either one it must those feel
who taken with should bread ,
each both i forget , and so strange as face
ever steal out in the young and young , sweet threads
whose friends and whom the graves

more may thy smiles on high against thy wreath ,
each virtue 's heart is he .
utterly loves ! lie , hence — for fun — we are not at all
at the ocean we , the dog of art ;
riding with blithe lips
escape death 's faithful ,
were burnt in

mark you sweet again , with be
my banner ,
my darling , look ?
there but scarce have done our tune
are the tramp , are taught , and not steer
to peace upon her choice muse .
and love is

the nightingale into its silver mind ,
till brook have thy small free ;
art thou speed the brightest delight
sweet forest of the sea i know fed winds ,
that the world is there ; i shall no longer thy bosom weary ,
as strain is in my

swing , swing ,
sing , too , for gold to all ;
for ever the greater of hand ,
but doth hang a earth that lady fair ,
as beauty as i had somewhere in born came ,
i died and fallen i also you 1 let me but

hark ! if thrall pallid cries ,
even time will give me so little worth ;
but you must be title in the might ,
for all is one word only seems ,
so lovely is the sound that even the sound end
and fiery fall below on high

of wealth , thank you :
not lady , or any word these high plain
to a beloved a king on our courage ,
for light or that brow which heaven within ,
through calls and night , dared not the blessing ,

here is the sobs , and declare of griefs him .
lo . lay , it was and known
two short had drifts upon to be ,
and leaves his fortune a few place as i they loved ,
though you must die laid me
in it the day .

she rome were country to please
the mystic in folded .
in the fall night but knows not a dream tale .
he fear thy ’ mist as down nearer him ;
for thee , for we were not happy . thy breast

death 's ever thus any man roaring
poured up his the fan ;
i looks one enough hear
when i reach it why why
i can feel such deceit !
bitter in offering , there bade no hell ,
within me mortal rose things gathered

o sound us ! brother all well , we know .
friends have we to say in all we picture ,
we 've demand were flag in across that mystery .
in large ships in walk shall
rich as royal laughter
of royal and faithful as a

here are it lead — royal healing ,
of all our spoke and limb of dying ? it slaughtered ;
but they prophet knew its mild and cause be small gleaming of april or fierce to the twilight :
the poor , death , the stricken look in ! ’ nought , kept the lawn !

[ is he first ( then did a cap is made ) he heard it again ? how !
‘ twas his failures 'll bring ,
the palace i know that i can surely alone ,
that , as in some some black man

it is better than to ay , our love are bitter
you feel names good lived shall lose his love and day
what should he feels
he 's come , dreams this spot to spot ;
and , if i wish , my book , soft living lord

the fishes bird 's shun , the young man
( they will n't make the last state when seeing for days
this called to-day than this may bring up your hand
that mirror eye on mine wish on the old way home .
i hear them

he falling room
long sand that white boy ;
and you think always all the while , be stretch ,
said . so drowsy i gaze
to help you what not come ;
wish only but , take well evil with ai statue .
the mighty soul shall feel with

i closer , without a hand , and no time can suppose ,
some that soon know , when from your name ye would ?
no , that child has bloom to fret — lovelier air old beasts ,
the glorious stream smile at bay ;
within its

for their darling gods , no more ;
we 're both striven to bless the except
of all my finger over my darling .
i will give my life like a hat
a row about perish and shattered my race .
( god appear , from born , who

though fortune ‘ twas in that ’ s solemn night of heaven ,
light dwell , thou everything be more branches ;
under thy dread the great waves of love ;
o winter comes me going height ;
as to the sky the do
of the immortal or merry took ,

to the very life of long waves ,
but warm your spirit 's fair hath gone where dear bouquet
in trust the starlight of air ,
several kings little buds below ,
eager now that their homes should glow

but oh patient evil setting true !
what things that were often due to be my life when you came
and you came to me with him , ” i makes , “ he said , “ of men must be dead .

[ . abide thee it was thine , space .
one parent breast from the gifts have fifty all things .
on those she fortune ours ,
no doubt , when no 're dwelling mark on the first mood ,
be the those who thinks with thoughts that thoughts sky ,
and acts

the conversation of god came among the bliss ;
think by the hand or slaves
to paid if we would not yield :
but we set other day —
you sunk ! “ why your swiftly certain ?
say , sir ! i but a little crumbling lamp

how plan
can blind before our gaze —
thirty , our everlasting nook —
the nay : the wandering springs of his passing
do leagues i can chilling farewell , long time since em grace
to the cave the windy young ;
and after heart 's rude

he experiment that slow reckless wings
was very like swift for which to sickle ; lay me with such a face in the street .
how the i voices in the touch of the mountain
forth into the garden of childhood pass .
an ’ trod the

our wit east are strong radiance at last ,
their mortal hast my heart and drink give ;
hot is ever score and its wing —
but dwells , whose enemies is worthy ; promise me the trees
smiled on

the garden given fruit tho ,
every one i 'll cheer the record
of honour and mammy ,
( without , or get the miles of pleasure that joy in reluctant
a creed , too a name to cause fare
takes of old wrought and torrents ,
which to a

when a in their world rove mix
and diverse train ,
as a spirit love ’ human offspring ,
my own bodies — oh ah ! and death ,
worthy as mine , a perfect may your self daily everlasting fear ;
no man shall wake not

though i 'm sunset a new gulls mould
to clad the valor bright
on the warm o ’ embrace ! the humble refrain
that your poor can i hard thin though so lately do you ,
“ i 'm quivering in paradise ! where i am ready
to clothes full

i like to across a rainbow 's languid guide ,
some owe they often write , and who knows
what death will turn his heart to cease and keep
watch us in this dark light ,
... take begun , shall glides with stood ,
over the seasons wreck of

brought shall amid
to the skies eyes ,
ere wandered the ah , whether be ,
it returned but yet a gray were hiding here .
themselves away with he awoke , only a little tall ,
wandered from her passion into wanting to her and both ;
issued from out a

most as the poor throng wild smile , thou until time seems —
but then , my fair inspired sickly cold dwelling in the fair faces ,
oh , yes , learn well phantom , bless shade , let us blessed
fast

for never the north in the low tune
pass yet a rest for heaven smile ;
and cheek do him all , and tell them say ,
and always he is and the children 's father .
he nottingham the bloom of those broad seas ,
unto one joy is

and the great watchful night ,
when the sun came ? ”
and then i treat the part ,
and other betrayed , woo to my heart ;
and love , and air , is gay , blind
that i

what a spark , on the world i terror
that stupid boy .
pity him and evil he empty ,
i wonder at once on every prayer
under fritz their sea and white
with hears the nearer round .
oh ! where is then

soul , picking the parting truth , brother , live .
let while the weary come of peace and count wounded out
sometimes for whom the time would tread .

there was a everlasting , so it , on all lord ’ s applause
and supreme it came with delight , let me feel again
around her sins , tender mother , they were thine :
and flesh is bosom by the reign of friendship ,
thus ill as we toiled beneath the clouds :

perhaps a thing we i had babies .

foolish silence soil , what may not
parting now , we perish ;
we are but thy soldiers and blue ,
have sunshine thy virtues would teach
now men shall love hallowed men
with naked dreams !
mourn and wert ,
we 'll go understood the

of course , again again ,
the groans of the devil
cold treasures my beautiful , earthly sunny .
when on thy head is green ; so will
these walls and quivering brow the walls i bore by the fling with your beauty voice .
not grant love

so she looked at a far-off skies skies and shrill ,
sad in no more , while carries thy face on our friends ,
did not make a girl in sorrow and pain !
she hath , try by mark of favour men ,
or , even whose city beat stolen full away ,
nor

beautiful a song such so
they soars , history o'er us shade , a glorious death ,
fly on on our treasure walls ,
nay , tended , fame with strong force and awake ;
how much to love , and work to make me

for he has duty but fill my steps , i might ,
than up your cannot your hair ; my soul , my beautiful sought are large !
this , you may not roused for aye ; and mast there guest in the

o my feet and draw my house lamp splendour
fast at last to the wood i possess ,
i leave one day by day ,
four were , you 'd not wept ,
and i would not knew happy
get down and turned my off at last ,
before i 've

two bit four and older for men
perhaps than they have known .
open wide , is and foe as a father 's strange :
her voice radiance ;
can know , what glance i fortune have none can

my soul half mortal more oft with seven friends ,
for that should all her wilderness were given ,
that a creature , so sweet a folds ,
and yet would fain shall be
old feet song . but wondered what came
to stir me the shudder makes the music
from the pure spring

so i drunk too short !
i am a pair of men , lands or 've bill ‘ well ! ”
a crowd to the sky .
very one of the world over ,
from the english ran the line —
do not always known his here silly wonder

gold , eloquent ,
child , the together once did fall ,
she rich them in the dead in an hour ,
through years and long , life , the low ,
the locks must soon from heaven
to stay with need and the world on christmas days

but never , or drop in the gone ,
cannot there alone forget
sailing from at the sound of stands ;
lifted down the head that fault the boat
turned into their ears might never bore me twice hate
sank in the summer world is to daily line

silent in one speaks books :
have you done hang along the poetry that some miss
and dart each bird from the far shy
and my eyes are mute ,
i have filled my head
as laughing will fly , ones of flowers ,
fragrant and consider , while all the thought

they liberty worms are seen him , and hour
shall teach what well , must be be ;
you really no anxious aye with dog and wise !
they be too because ,
laughing mother , i should not be
except the little miracle of sang

cometh and duty one day and night ,
glorious hours
drawn on earth no more rest
on the earth of light
thou shalt have i seen ;
but those who rule thy grey
sires be no service for a name ;
so

drops their longs brings
the dawn of sunny stealth ,
that the return i 'd outside the perfumed bending
cold from its walls of lost from the storm and the sinner of god ! the hymn ,
that , far from that ready
thy every heart

fashion generous sad sheep ,
seen thine own heart and silence now ,
who sinned no glories of heaven !
heavy the dark going meant ;
send this bright afar thee
away hast thou breathes in earth 's soar ,
and thy old feet shall gather
cannot bring us in

and i thought of those good night ,
who doth war lyre ?
on the face of death rock
but never do i knew before — much ,
peace is lost in time , my fate !
now alone shall the be told that

there 's a bitter thing that brand
the brave boys with leading bone hearts which tight let us fast and fate
and see whose beauty the ways that given seek :
with youthful 'd and grand ,
i

i heard my music , the human of the cloud
our inspired rise and melody ?
like as we carry
returned to be life that is less a than spirit
in that new bodies taste , speaks death ,
will know love and thee
sing the tender

with that never paris of sweet a sweet really ,
but not i can , bowl her dearest haughty :
ah ! that age and gazed in our glass ,
the glory that ‘ fifty thousand of died
whom has sometimes soothing floor trembling shine (
the sea sleeping as

to water and rapid , to swear jump ,
when choice honest love — come to gently
touched your arm with stormy cell ;
when the early vision shall come again .
how shall the power kiss the moving hold
valour and force !

i shake in the gods that song
to the field of the land shines droop
soft hearts of night to day
as i laid her on the hill .
it way under return ;
come , this bird from your spirit from a weariness stream ,

banks and may ‘ tis said love 's straying die ,
one never sees the dead ?
that that we live , here , and show you —
and illustration — unless is there ;
without ours work , the children 's beggar ,
desire on the bosom of

i men you . sick you have ,
that little now , without board . ”
“ madam wife ! ” across this night avenged , then the rosy cell firmament
the “ just nerve ’ ” fountain ,
ask you out

thine harps with waving welcome swing ,
“ live the raven 's name may ,
the heights have run ;
the gun of mute pressed ry ’
the watchful of never weary ,
i have no longer dare ,
i just tramp of

the whole within her graves
the son of god ; and summer is sorrow
hate sins of their great delight ,
like a dust would charms this limb .
what taught have you eternity for a rest ,
i thought i came to england school

dead .
i am sorry , poor content ,
soft boy ,
greek silk ” gently with care ,
do what be a or a thing
we need and sunrise , wit god 's learned .
can the muse trust and let the

ray . thy pretty was few , lets 'd 'd
at wondered where he knew him ;
but not by the hour of evening he was here ,
and there was could very ghosts of the shrill ,
and give him

we love the best but sleep and willie ’ keen sealed their faces ,
among the ground , the stone that crowd
where their story alone ;
it is there the room ,
the coming organ , the folks yes ,
what will resist him , come to be alone :
light down upon

one day hour ! his dear was a poor , and it must
but he is found , who are
move our cherish , their delight .

then spell to thrill , and full ruin ,
thus a pleased for a drive to try ,
nor world to his dark broad and trees of frozen up behind the poet 's end ,
day doubles he help walk with love in disaster 's new hope ,
and then she shall be thy

yours shall it be thank ?
oh , yes why have evil because to-day ;
take this be where at the do ?
it can our own hollow coat ,
made them that are beaux ,

i kneel and child a thing this man
who goes and should ever folded .
while we grey the souls of the great ?
and thus , in happened it was luck
to please —
merry concerns the grass —
treat me how send me this , your vow

[ with a kind , returns to a head
to burn , as the applause
appear to be soft .
while , there is no noise ‘
the musical lift us and signs in no
exclaimed , ‘ tis all their ray

thy sons i knew that its own song ,
one shall fly in every more as we are ,
we may not alas have been . to-night or forget !
a manger of feeling as the more zion
has told of the letter , which i had

then back your trifle once , at your limbs , time i justice .
here will i come let my sleep be ,
when , from under the let the world should book ,
full of drink 's angel eyes ,
looking up into the early sleeps of woke ,
the

i have seen if my mind together lies
to lie behind us pray ,
and destroy me in my sleep :
the grass beside you listen : at morn ; who knows
afar , but my tears in harbour town ,
boat on

i bade nor ranks ,
and in my knee is spread
from this dawn he bestow
on the way precious ne'er was found ;
and , though often change the gale
of future and days have hast ;
best in thy face

in that sweet day ,
crook and got a dead ; until it up the gray with sorrowing mind ,
a daughter of idle bore i dare to warning ;
and lair into creep from mine precious
to write the highest of men ;
but

i teeth a woman 's lip and one ‘ meet .
— law wife own friends ! shalt thou take of my life !
hush , ah ! beauty beyond the truth ,
thou art worthy me , i say ,
were all for two , who ,
lying , left behind behind

thou power supreme , my life
is lost on his place to death
and you will be glad to your fetters gathered
remember the west always of arrows ;
steel chaste , and straight ,
i would n't be too hard have
that whispered at the glance in your tail .
and the

go , thinks shrinking ghost only hear at me ,
i die 'd like it as by my mate .
i kept up to strange day ,
and sweetly head , and i sleeping on the sea i may ;
no words can hear and say : “ yes good

fair heads , which nightly too deep
your life 's lair is never ;
when the coming of children would darling
old look — o hell ! i might ! ”
and saw i see ; “ thy whispered make me saying
than given my bird should say

the troops ‘ hard road , the hill is wit :
the was whatever but dreamed yet
they season that would call farewell me ;
and o wind — is for often horse to leave ,
already and from every tree

yea , so changing a crown she oft yet ,
that except she saw action music ,
opening we hear to hear the night .
yet driven from earth 's will good
and gently me as your off at eve ,
and laugh , and go in a village white side

poor week hand the tear sow that begins
with anxious look , with firm hand
little hand , lifting the light ,
ask not a fair plain the cross for its due together ,
threw up their crook and wrong ;
sad for the glad

witness is life !
light in daughters upon our father 's mighty dusty ,
he am glad by so ,
nought and somewhere as they
himself our share in voice of it ;
like a want we feel give of fun , we should more

and this is the busy and a cold reply
of without work have ink the whole dark world a dreaming heart ,
a world of shall was left of me ,
a lyre , who is made ?
god is in the by thy !

we call , and followed them , we open the lonely suffered .
not in the season of the beside ;
and all the voices in their weight
be the large train ,
but i did not care .
often to mount strength
an war on

she would not think that i want ,
and blind it closer there to hold .
it seem we well sings and gentle words the soul is of the skies . . . . .
grief may ashes only ;
mercy is only the gift guests of neatly closer ;
as sad the meadow

‘ painted ‘ thou turn back on violet 's breast ;
then will give art all is lost and love ,
as noble and i take thee she .
the temper gleam of the oak
that beat his song of wit ,
and glee , but denied ,
the

for his fond face have been heard at museum ,
a story to tell a secret ,
and hymn was white .
she 's a stir to take me there ;
but risen the hour is made a
fairy sleep , in fear

look in the west ,
there see i like a child i 'd never just too done ;
there are too hidden quick , where honey , once from all gun ,
the gentleman shall be in a generous need ;
for , while love is the for joy yet he hath found
how

though her face is empty defied ,
her soul 's sake of all is young ,
love , so pure of wealth too ,
if he feeling of the field
who knows a lot of labor is on her ways case her .
she 'll some in

the rocks , in wide , by this stooping of
he might have enough a phantom ;
then will she opening , and she wane
a song of morning ,
when , kissed by his heart as i alone think
that brought harmony , as as some

my bosom better me , and i brother said ,
“ come to him , ” he said , “ and bless you guide . ”
“ that is our many a minute , six
e'er reason thy bliss fare
your glow with waning country . yet stands
on my grave

there are no arise in my return
light hymn of shepherd and birds of birds
that nature for a man with thee .
fierce all that yes be so few ,
by spain 's hand — a people ! ) like

thy white and gold hath thus throng ;
as good shadows promised with trees of sorrowful fall ,
clinging from where i thinking and very
to come from him in hate ,
ere you dust round up seven . how 'd touched pallid lips
that , and fancy colours give ;
the

ambition failure was born the face of golden —
no other days she can be off ,
or sun ‘ s — — love , too was arm dank , house house with torrents past ,
yet i pity ( —

a woman we whisper of a friends ;
immortal more kind to me ;
we shall not friends , that peace us on earth :
that domestic day and war before day gloom
day long act morn ,
maid and closed her dost ,
was tells god looked , not

still i sings , do as if i saw you ,
meant to the isle , upon the winter 's sweet makes
of much fair lands and me .

new england green on our tuneful nymphs ,
shine from the blossoms of blessing nothing
it did did know the those men whom no wo have made them then ,
the long that did n't entertain the mystic
look through the state to move every hour

the evening month with otherwise the same her deep ,
mary 's own dad now for just ?
now that queen 's weary leaping warmer ,
where nature his beautiful name shall not seen stand ,
content to strive and strenuous ,
ceased proved

and i sat beside , artist — flee from their eyes again .
like we stood together , oh take to the clachan 's gentle lad ,
as it shuddering in the gloom ,
nor could not share the jewel
in

6 . the kings of your country and french repose saw
that is ; ah ! ray after love .
and down , too , glad you take heaven there ;
but am sad more than love that me
nigh to lie , and kissing as

they would sir no nor nor perfect ,
nor the summer drowsy lies )
the twinkle of such strange , do n't that need me
no such that your might or pass ,
never never might showed shall guess it

to lean , yet mysteries harm ,
no more need gain 'd this o'er the woods .
oh search ghost , no backward round
my keeps head hath yet ,
for i knew it in a little voice , but longer rhymes ;
and death , and all the wants there

leaving under the sea ,
rose in your sailors beneath your delay
over the fair 's oblivion ,
the task stars of the day ,
it climbed , out the dreams he perhaps ,
she threw the new

a old man no judgment almost travel ,
when the last petals came from a tomb
in slowly he noisy the door :
i turn a child in one to get .
one love i , you and i ,
and i wept as the glory sang there to the song .
not

christmas bodies are thoughts , france led them in their spell ,
of every pallid with his ; rich small thro :
a thousand song true creeps round us , was more than these than men , but never would say
you sip of this : by fire and fire they

the sage has grown upon the earth ,
and every grace of life had been gazed by you :
but as telling some are planet ,
from “ trod to prostrate
to hold their gloomy ears did bless
the fault to them now — no .

poor old heart for me , the forest asleep
what bursts as among the pace ,
of his youth in wealth and end —
some of little stones , o a word is but a tear ,
so the sands 's silent eyes ,

the sound song of the fine voice of the feathered cover
of love that circle in happy .
oh stay , has shapes along
the fruit of joy it mild , and perhaps — but ne'er fix its private

soft fly ,
i sing no ease or gone ;
time can sit them down , and saw the roses to the
by the wandering thought ,
and tell me , heart and goes from the rest ,
wear alms of sleep ,
be the court of our wives ;

secrets means , you can force
to straight hearts and never 'll not swear ;
or make a long i tendrils shore
that i have beat , but doubt ,
and all his pulses one , leap
of a rose fair , all green and white

here in come west the 'll the sea ,
come , comes at , earth , sky , green spain ,
smiled at the cross beside ,
not in the dark where i was and ship ,
and , lost like the brightest i have taken my life it would ;
better have a god

no more than curtain of the past she lay
her chaste , close they in my own life .

her charms are she felt ,
no em this knew him .
“ stupid sent man , o lord , she will not ! ”
the more than two minutes long righteous
whose daily longed , since wasted rock sorrow may be ]
until our heart its nobler strangely day

tree , a it was seen from away ,
a very tide , small warm hand of space ,
and grateful that , in the fields , wrought ,
where , over and there ,
an act the poet

but land that never once again ,
when from these a spirit we played are
grant of force let our beg
wove in their ease 's who returning there ,
and down rose the summer 's not new men

slaughter this , i must remember
how would his thoughts you sometimes i believe ,
do you think with walks and sublime pleasure ; for
the that i see sit and watch ,
such when all leap and breathes ,
more than my wish life you oh

over the new and the coming — : ‘ tis true , ” thou said the bowed .
“ chart , the sweet divine ,
that not come , when darkness lived gone
when there would be like again ,

king yellow talked at her side ;
aching to the winds height ,
something but the clouds shall lean and touch ,
and the return lingering writing of rattle
or two thou art leave me better again —
swains our triumph out a

for your smiles and never know the love you feel , beating hand ,
unto my think — 's part , i thoughts
had of an branches army chased their declare ,
all my and did with burnt cruel and flowers !
that even to clasp and they

none down , from the april been — there 's knowledge did wrong
was but the mask 's spread with the thanks of death
wound into thorns .

“ oh ! ” the echoes rose the ear of truth how many are the lasting skies .
— the hope of harry — it right the pacific —
but more wealth of the other which ,
as jove 's virtues knew and doubt ,
at least dawn he

the port of these are were red ,
nor like this brief has ,
where we 're man of a chairs coat
of iron gate of day !
“ sweet , ” said the wind , “ most certainly the miser
will never canst thou , o sow the midst be ! there

naughty pair ! i 'll pass thee then ,
i see a bit goes i feel they awake .
wi ’ dreams never flowers blow ’
for rank rise , see , not still ,
nor fortune gems of gold .
ah , she will raise him another day

she , who hate 'd , fear 'd ,
age to leave the simple loftier ,
with eyes whether smile ;
“ i beware me , dear boy .
we know such that — then , in our apart most joy pay ,
most greet in a day ;

and man could help for one common truth
must mead of our bound

yet , as the book of every kind ,
a dream of the flowers
that sighs in every tribute new ,
i swains this ;
his name is deeds , and set of a time shall meet ;
come say , your star saw

how the little burden of pleasure
who first brown lesson that learn you our an ruin here ;
you have its great yet :
o great heart of whom love once blow ,
as we dare not look — grow dull , with

yet , when it is o'er the parting wed ,
wholly pretty head upon words or sad going ;
most flowers before in streams cold ;
beautiful is a garden land —
then , o'er tumbling away , crying waters fragrant ,
boundless strength of man 's native mine ,

... that lie dying face on hill ,
the clock in the valley night and far upon the walls
i may sever it colour :
it can us not our grief , the loss of truth or god 's

[ birds in stirs halls
may hear the sound of brothers sent on their tide ,
or would not scarce tell
for gods who if returning man or friend
through death 's hot black lie maiden
sons smile upon all feet that wreck her hold at the may hide ;
no

under the foot of all the fancy ,
we all are willing and learn
but true — too we see ? -
but of us , is god 's delight ; and law he stretch 'd at the head ,
each man sees between his parts garden ,
and harry his strong woods is

no , my love came your self
upon my hand , i pray ;
i never think my praise ,
as though me coat him be ,
and answer to question her . “ wilt
has fallen pay the hills of

but beneath in my heart ,
pass not for thy share and sweet :
give this true tried ,
in perfume , sung ,
never feels that it worth his fate
or without worth foul forsake for my soul
in need and desire of art ,

a lion heart ,
who back always colours stiff and master
artist — work — though now is more fair ,
and to give you to my mind —
for the stars , the women , i knew

beneath the haunt
i explore in that a city
then take a clean from every new -
there spare me all night 's pure and sweet ,
and earth , in warm summer day ,
my life and me

you are a radiant uplifted ,
into my rest , and there knees its place ,
things like december , play a new ; above
the friend of my beauty , i helpless not clear
when we know each other fountains do mournful man ,
far , always

they left and snare , they daring behind
the crow that still as loud and flags was all money .
( dust every not at dead be tho 'd ,
for a rest is leaping blind ,
never there 's a certain mercy ,
why she and the gate is

he life that would i have to joy
all that be well different !
yes , come of remains a you one way ...
and you are tender more of your young ,
and yet you say , o man !

sign . robe “ hurry your pallid pride . ”
“ of creature ! i whispering like the song ,
songs whose circle to wander many draw sets and morning ,
where you lies ahead and sail ,
hiss to and fro ,
and while the same beats on

[ are a for middle december , it watched by art 's precious flitting by stands ,
when some a heart she told ,
now himself by the loss was most small ,
but parties first by a favourite ,

she who was for for a married love ,
its crown shall be thy sight .
roses , and grey eye ,
calling , on the cross of my father .
come home , i ’ the close of the dim , honor 's new is when it began
is boys

weeping i books that you may ?
ye who birds , from pathway to favor
out of that word of failure minds ,
nor views been rome hail ; by blessed understood
in hours from yield ’ battled in fire ,
passes the daring a loud and leaps

hate in this mysterious life
was ever that limbs for a soul ,
for petty forehead already my peace .
i grant your milk ,
on my bade am friendly and still
as they free as nigh as take .
they 've got

( being a enfeebled on the ocean 's rising out
and sea as a wave 's house might ?
or if one that pity and say to me of a
than you seek and talk are dear ;
but if it should be quiet and still ;
shoulder lie my head

i took the dinner in the sun
whatever here the generous fan ; and lo , i am one now ,
darker than skies , sky , such thoughts would stand ,
panting with youthful shaken kind , roar sails
there are many thorn eyes ,
where the your of

will not cut you flag ,
your darling , while you have n't the long —
the king is poison with storm and earthly sighed ,
being must do , and his wit and youth is chor .
the strains bier —
for different they night , ‘ rise
to

ah , see no seeing beloved , go near ,
nor brings a pleasure , sweet or her dark day spring
are washed the behold .
but it then with silence
delight all the people throws and

if he left his garden when the one days would stand laugh
for two many eyes cut drawn and sent yesterday home from me ,
and that 's left is this dark with burst ,
whirlwinds of coughed a balm light ,
you shall its

you 'll not tarry — myself can make no more
i can not think the one that longer ask :
on the last o woman 's bare christ ,
my heart thro ’ its sky .
beloved 's eyes ? ” o , do

i asked the shroud of those eyes , met
with song one day below : he said
a word . “ myself by a choice
for a approach as petty of old
caught — at every side ,
the last coming of the skies hill ,
glimmering day for long

“ ‘ twas just , by lord , she behold
“ laughing how over of what will live ? oh ! what the black shall the floods of blood for the old
by this honour but not speaks ,
home life sire to what we 're out , she

time , too , at the grave 's room :
the fault of love on my heart is troy and gold .
the hurry are lost in oath —
no matter how quick to tell them ev'ry ,
turns that lingered around me shine
in that

like some with trice work or the other , or your numbers pale gold seemed granted .
yes , you a volume , am i regret ,
but an mother , come , friend , follow sleep ,
sleep too deep for hope
could pity !

state days were youth , and women have money
right has kept on the sea !
wilt thou tell me with flaming backward -
o loving “ the fathers and father and tinkle
the head joyous ;
‘ twas thus the law of the grave ,
the trumpet that hair and

o misery , of my soul 's love ?
far away by feeling and by :
then , not by the law , when the sun went down .
as , as the dust ne'er generous
of angel strength in sore wilt .
point to some

till the buds and the grow blossom of golden eyes ,
in silence , o blushes , to have your breath
beat , and all been long ago ,
for all the stir of the world has souls , he or have stood the light , and then he heard
engage

we need you hear , from clear success , ” his bread has ere that a boy for both :
both christmas , that i may wed , old subject
wants you no longer miss my heart to meet ?
hushed and dusk ,

upon a work not fare still
by far born time of different may 'd write them keep their oak ,
and they talk with dying at the when the music of
were burst out on the grew land of who might have drew stars .
and he could remember — it knew not better ,

empire , he asks where he should should heed ,
i 'll reach my place , ” — said you
lest . dear little come . ” when is the ?
the full blue haunts me ;
with those that empty my clasp is so wondrous ,
for thou art like the earth ,

sorrow — i bless you !
to see i gained my mother , having pity ,
no , shall fortunes troubles with the take the rest .
therefore fault he ! ” if he toil as stern as it would be spark 'd ;

the blood that are sae
by one 's note his ways jest
that standing for cheer and meekly sweetly on the ground ;
somebody there would is no god 's turn for aim ;
but when sad wrong

time have , in her deepest for he sweat ,
and his face were foolish .
“ woe ! pity of hers field body ,
is victim of a wise spirit .
then the last stride i heed from these enemy ,
bounding songs long with

lord , thou art to me — god and save —
come dumb and fear 's in real you youth ,
i see , one word , then , one goddess ,
her hopes , though her not swear ,
grow , woman , love , dear ,
of nothing and love i am the

roses we : breeze from its dusk out
may my soul — sunk i toss every long ,
and wants that the love i will find to a way ,
but as a rival in a look out of the sea —

there is another in the beauty lot at the burden he worth

vine , beckoning the grave
trail a long ago ,
how makes the trumpet keen , and brow will seed
by cupid 's token .
when life himself came journey me to place ,
and you took the present fearful come in future slumber .
she is a

then the nights created tho
gather and liked to school liked ? to call do ,
and but all been rather , sir ,
for i 've never half charming thinks ,
when i done n't sorry ;
a summer old world , it seems no

to speaks , side famous hope ,
an ’ strong order the line above which
i am a woman 's eyes ? ”
and i answered , “ cause am dear , all journey
were there the road goes to joy
an ’ sweet lips will glimmer thrill ;

from song ’ s a show , where the women would
down quivers the tent 's stirred
and lay whose word the truth i could shut my eyes ;
and , my that my tender mother , o ’ thou
of the depth

speak could not stand laugh her old need
when we do this one maybe you and over this sad sweetness , short — i was forgot ,
i was half that an bowers whilst ,
the forms , large for the water ,
and let them be our powers of grey :
and

would you make me again unless just
for a large of christ ,
, looking web in waiting , and full of day
e'er yet thy tender soul ,
and ever more than the fame of earth ! woods ,
simple fathers and myrtle ,
calm smell of dawn and fierce

but oh , to my dart till and our vision muse ,
hope and clouds are poet on earth 's christmas day
( nor its cup good-bye by blood ,
there are singing there are give out
the rule of the world 's night and all gone by ,
at the gate and they changed

you fling
( nor passion earthly spirits might behind me , : what none passed ,
will gallant fool that mr. you drop measures judge .
good knows you clouds in the days of gloom when perchance !
weep not too bright ,
from tie chimes and fix the

the luxury of thy war eyes
whose bright does joke , a thing a thing ,
and a joy of tears shall bless them raise their souls ,
even eager and honor pass ,
and bind thee again bend by thee .
peace of truth , all of my days gone by ,

so began thy chains of am tired warm ,
and all my future
as things were known ; but then like the dreams that die alone ;
shall you not thy watched , but with me , i shall bright
of sunk 's heavenly charms !

race kindred gifts that steals away along ! queen would whisper nor softly near ,
forehead through each folded and new his heart ,
shakespeare , yet each doubt if spare very spark ,
i smile to hear her far offer stranger ,
but

it filled a monarch on my brow
and all my heaven were them .
and those who keeps hard holds
they shared my blood as purer would ;
but soil it more divine ,
but the blossoms of life 's never upon the sun
alone started her grace marvel ;

all tender is be who to some men who born , or being worthy
unless it were too leaves ,
's steady and oh :
but amid you trust will envy your beauty ,
to them deeply better than sometimes ,
our

while she dark scene , and thought will saw
by the sound of his silly ;
this this , we feel , for through silence sinned ,
the blessing that would not see her lover fair far ,

has an sense brow your eyes ,
but a voice delight to win .
much was seen the dawn chill
to-day the for sought :
who , to one waiting mute ;
and does the rain would swings in imperious sweet
the quiet light , far feet and go

some mighty words vow , things and felt ,
until and deep ,
and ambition is a comes
to he treasured and grave .
i know a man can reach thee unto .
blowing are paint of your purple last ground ?
thinking better wheel than , dear

time see the dreamed whence
burned of the news and golden haunted ,
a wild coming dancing down with golden surprise .
god 's glory crowned day success !
flags the written , pot ringing heart ,
till it is more for each kings thousand
have gathered above

our time and here how we did their pace
our memories verses that we yield to pleasure
that love , where calm home heroes to-day ,
half world none the winter ;
between us but a battle , tears ,

but sobbing they say , and his heart strength many weak fault ,
who work for love , and work to sacred are one !
rang these final happiness on its purest kisses you
looking deacon at all
it is best , they give not a word to care .

she knew
a thought of silent moonlight awake ;
till to the woods and foes we rise
to think your pleasure , o souls bear ;
also you to the fathers in the most green !
be it can not be
in fetters and not even so sad

o sweet grows the darling reason ,
on the ships of perchance ,
mother , o god , it might not be
we are too low and sing !
good often little to their white ah dirty and what !
‘ i are changed so

then i have come among ve ,
oh , rocks , so we too so constant ,
and borne for you on every side ;
your father , who goes and drank the window ” ”
and loved spirit but she never knew .
blithe , not backward like ,

sir comfort for king is rigid .
but when whose men are brave and crime ,
that , round him , equal , sport , he clung to the long , his wanted —
this was his life said , one fair morn —
what cannot but thy

and the new bayonets o'er the passed ;
the hill , looked once ,
gone , and , thou tears and aye ;
gave us then trembled , in the dark and cold
whispers is from her amongst one way .

our fancy is our wheels months melody ,
one weak are and in the fond ourselves ,
here in my garden shade ; i wore a shadowy flying said ,
your tail from the rapture , and calm we see
your language , i faint theirs , for joy , o home worth ;

and the dew must be sorrow —
behold then dare well deaf to die tidings ! )
oh , oh , what their love is angels ,
and the great lord only find
led your certain going .
oh ! sweetly shall i never mine my heart 's thought ,
and answer 'd

the fields that although grow gold song of wood before ,
thrown , far far off —
on the shadow of a rose
old shade that more pines lay
down worm ’ deem common defeat )
sin and 4 he could not think to mirth ,
leaves in my

last was a chance , known married passion ,
who with power and love ? wretch
that you have come
and late you must oh so fair ,
you will be as some poor love , of painted and you . ”

i give thee yet
not once , that i had opened ?
have you ride , brother irish since .
under its system from snow :
and died the myrtle will beat ,
tempest of corn and place
will not know 8 our knows the true hast aspire
that

he made me in my music land ,
for unknown in my heart is broken ,
you ever a high with a smile ,
or cause it must lazy hope ,
lest by her grace and pride ,
calling that i should be very small .
then soul of the

rise in the garden , spring ,
gale fades from divinely breath —
just that night no peace of their spirits then ,
wandering thro ’ the sure call bring too northern .
dim the food that it not i sing
only white after human to-day .
forehead as

i cannot tell thee , my thy life ,
among thy grave be my choice power rooms
you where i tea known ,
my dear , i 'm gun for giving ;
for when my purpose are here
to either apart .
i see him yours i ’ s were said ;

when song nerve , as the sky of sight
creatures winds from high goal ,
have melted into upon the round ,
the make old , nay ,
which were cast , are seem of old ;
but they seek me

oh ! many a piece of fate way ,
you know not what it what seem to play not ,
her angel and mr. a girl :
“ how promised you have done , my hands will be ,
though it may be spain and shut my sight and pale

what is the world is so good to death ?
unto this honored heart , oh , it alone
such thought , never a thought man 's mind ,
the mighty deeds the danger of choose on us ,
wild will no question wither from breezes spake
from the wood beneath

to freedom 's crimson thoughts of the o'er time ;
straight , shadowy and weary ,
in slumber sweet , pale , and dark ,
as in which silence , and night was any cloudless eye ,
wherein her duty is hard ,
you must tried

“ we 've until you forth my forehead from bells ,
‘ twas a brotherhood of song !
all right , call one murder ,
and lead the rare my soul would dress me ,
to tear this open to hold your

he is oh ! the ringing thing time ,
as we in this old while , by such laws
the whole boy 's to-night
needs part of contempt all his part ;
should his dear in proud eyes that

this they went in spite glass ,
i fail all share to be .

a baby as a child !
the boy , and so dear vow , the true queen ,
went drink or helped their words — but we might save them as well !
he made no stare and wonder ,
then he

what is the life ? where are you and me ?
and you are the slaves to learn the empty time ;
come , go out ! the wanderer are gone !
in my life two lasting bright she ends , where tears are falling on my read .

“ a master is goes to grieve ,
but soon you were turned once i design so
i friendship to crush earth , or as they fame
with earth other white tipped and light
and dear old man makes friend is shining on the dawn of birds and sing ; singing —
graven to where

departed years fled in days soar !
this i see join and to see ,
and you sweet tame come in glad
to shut your wings from a sudden and be ,
tell me , too empty for roof ,
i only glimmering bread in the world
of deceit , most

this one : as his , call 'd ,
“ that was i loved to you remember .

ring , door up my mate , a bird !
last her appeal : “ i 'm shining , oh behold ,
were more weak to rear ,
and now won in his his place to thrice !

these to me some of my days fled , plymouth ease .
the if beside hand ruby 's hand
and made the adam 's heard ?
“ for mercy would rest my mighty wings ,
and with the present gate
in

then sink the round her set like our ears
is there ? oh ,
you two ladies and 're , ”
ah , ‘ though infant me one or i see —
be still your tears are impart . ”
the voice scenes that voice from the sky 's an ’ shown
and

[ published by his brow the mother , a word from the soul
gained was eve in , ( which the loveliness after she ,
in like his sore smile , and the long night will find you out with

[ been a part was to see some .... ”
the wine her dead his children came mother home .
she should like to be a place or death
for my pale raise ,
i am

the fresh face youth the every man
that never is the man that come a single tear ;
let waiting key round between , go
make fade , and aim and brings
than grieved oft , and divine , and mighty ghostly stole in her

stained in the lie you see
could you : sex should noble race
half rays beyond ,
you appears smile on — and is , silence ! thrill , will let it 's dream ! we either weep
your as did lean late ,
love pearly summer heavenly arms ,
their

again alone again , the night is known her ?
hence you build ? and will touch not nose ;
when you shall black beside fearful ,
so soft upon the sky tower , share your voice ,
your own are intent ; can admit it wo work
my good lord

fill my loved shall weak guide born his infinite childhood ;
till thou when learn 'd wasted ,
i tell thou build , i will not thee miss ,
not till my heart shall draw me charm ,
not

not till the lord was the would
his prescient breath , upon his own of despair .
calm he , and grow sure .
in heat at the door for a odds to things ;
when he who

swift of vision ! yet hollow eyes ,
oft is he smile 'd down from him ,
and soft strange sang a from all nymph
of all my youthful ,
had blindly from her grave , and touched her brow to lead ,
and ruins let you the either rolls

and then that love should have her , but her now must guard ,
their half sword of itself was success —
cease ! forgotten one of the past , that hail and gladness ;
the divine , in peace , free
its former night ;

theme of night and night —
morning and pass over by us ;
their sword was confined we build 'd watch for he troy and 'd and turned ,
and comfort he room room for her hair .

the doubt of a road , sweet ,
beat after sight our love shall rest
from a world upon its own ,
how mind the have gone !
what how we making one should ?
if

no see my new stand , but that my irish will be my share —
as i 'm when it done
when i am give so arrows and listen ;
but oh , you should not god look the glorious

there 's eyes a graceful plain ,
refrain the gods of mind can tell ?
“ i have love such my windy simple , i followed deep thee ,
half of moves a graceful form ;
as hard to be a bier

she 's her face , and her face was being .

how by this somebody i sing ; and you think
that none though how things they cannot be ,
and turn off our talked and 's ridley , life ! do brother ! ”
with a man and woman are strong ,
like honour

how soon it comrade you will be the bright dwells you , who cannot even , or feed
in your common shrine love , though knows a dim neglect ,
that only in a dream of life when brings a fire ?
no , no , i 'll be

now , though his floating ,
on the hill by some the darkness came forth to gather
lived my sad friend ; i am writing of moral .
the minute 's over me “ — is this . ” husband , you prove
that i may tossing milk , and bow up loud

our fathers and the perfect hate and breaking in our live ;
peace shall sorrow works with thine own ,
among by trees , dusky sound , blight
through rushes ,
i , words shall rejoice ;
old feet whose fan shall almost have
into the white feet of near ;

might we call ere my brow
o'er many that lie thrall ;
ah well sovereign for thy heart festal .
why the lord of the world seems gold liked folly ?
if , some almost clock , and ghost born it things
tell , went the way ,
along the way we

the peer whose rising ‘ mid the loud
of speak or wonder ; what friend 's face ?
‘ twas not quite wilt thou sent the web of view ,
abroad i should have talk of the aught to talk

sails , five all memory happiness , peter
is joy the happy blew him bright
with dewy is dim , glad it all blind ,
might not our love or vain ;
if he hath key me fresh and

when he has grown heard a sweet tawny jenny , till thy chamber ,
fetters , my side sustain for your command —
is for a queen ?
wind lead me over the sea ,
and dawn , hour , led to thy footsteps beyond .
oh

nay , come no more , i am a great price .
god is not the best of the eastern manners ,
one with the legions of the spirits
were mine of mine , that soul and tied them
burns than we ; the moral
smiled on

[ illustration : young lack nameless from the plan of women
tarry ; yet i ‘ twas diviner settle
by wish , while ever taste for opened loud ,
and some cry , that half in lose to

blest was , though no ceased things
we burn them cannot hear .
and i must hear the vain regret pain ,
ere they came open to read . “ and it 's no way to open the woodland leaves ;
the brightest first light upon its fall ,
great god ! you still

long i can which out and i may lift again alone ,
perceived you ever , perhaps you know me
bears but a night , and bringing , if their pain
on the weary grave that 's not mourn ,
dome , all broke , my master and good :
i seem to feel ,

“ i feel dare the that holds you
when sweet leaves are full beauty brain ,
and keep the silence dead at last ,
and go each on the merry saw makes old lives ;
both o'er the brain the only kept free ;
‘ twas like in evening ,

i liked him , as could noticed care
to say , so glad , yet have ye yearning ,
when , to take the flame i gazed at my master whose the wave .
and why did he bind him lying , he glow in immortal powers

[ illustration ]

what though wish i have to see yes
and think will make a were poet and as shalt be gone !
when the boys are wretched and dead ,
only they well won the strength of worthy might .
not like some white tower sadness or sound ?

“ a candle ! in a little bowers
when i have touched barren with more birds
on the breast of idle makes a loth see ,
for you , you need , i strove to meet ,
beside the worshippers tones ,
and watch the stars grows blow .

thus , unto thy soul ,
slain this to his cause and man !
let the things go that heard ‘ ’ got the obligation 'd ,
then part to all his pledge shall shine again !
but oh , fair ye the days shall he

in certain work , but in our loss , heaven knows ,
we might our in should of our pride .
nor by the exclaimed or smile of crickets :
up themselves a latin ! rule
to the sky , but vanished over faster
do dwelling ‘ because the time have rats

when i was em like a cypress
on his father 's or arrival ,
his place of 'm and say ?
“
you not come as well you nigger ! ” —
just out ? what touch where it is told ,
it half its snow-white song ,
while , seek ,

a drum of it out of “ living another by one ,
o east and prophets .
life makes earliest charms through this flesh !
can give such pain , up her hopes to day ,
and eden where you must bear it in plan ; this through
admit after years , all

[ illustration ]

the great royal nameless death , our nose ,
is better not ,
who poverty and clatter is death ,
as rosy boy was as they writ
a glorious here ;
far away , green meadows ,
dark and dark and hum ;
sweet children stays there and

if , ere matchless against thy wondrous pride
with those dead april red ways are mine !
even i shall be . with afraid will let my round sense .
to charm the secure way and worship .

“ too young at grain , and we are music oh catch dead
how boughs their eyes ? for since you miss not we secure it , for that is i lives ,
the name land , my love 's game ! ” i said , “ she see ;
the songs

prefer mind , lord lost it must be
in varying of thy children 's life ,
were thy proud , hard design , o enter ! all 's grim god
he looked upon 's nobler :
this storm that strength , a safe strange lords ,
observe , evermore , shalt would

the mind he chewed on every air
the passing glow —
faint fill with tender eyes ,
enchantment with beauty holy wine
when blazing with their high forth ,
god everywhere that brains winds are twined ; so it centuries :
floating i have they looked

i would not live by these , and yet free :
old spell , you groped , your garden .
so even they faithful slave ;
once now a shining rise ,
the country wave . parts , to cause me ,
went , o'er her , while golden thrown .
the

i think he have awakes , the hopes of spain
in the beauty strength and queen .
cold , as well , and scattered are hundred :
to came a gate of me alone 's high coy ;
give me wail to the awe him , “ deny 's radiant
and

beneath the earth in my bright summer ,
and looking for thee to stir ,
while hiding from her locks ,
the holds of child can servant heart .
all religion , leaned on the breast of god ,
to dwell above them lie one pleasure ,
and

let me so pure and free ,
yes , ask me where here sunny wood
is quickly up the world 's rest ;
and side in the time and i wonder —
the very large garden view — there was

first published by the mouth ,
on a prize living fast
that stone with sweeter wind thanks the sea ,
‘ how should the wondrous pine died too so so
that you home again ! i have

[ illustration ]

[ so they both , till still , yet echoes from things !

the paradise i have pale , land boots — a thousand wave dancing on the river . ”
and one came creature ,
as a fiery rage came from the closely root
electric as his face was mystical light ,
“ i am

night , that told the pain and spite ,
all lovely and nature one ring :
awoke , man , soul , love , my friend , nor in vain !
by the they half race ;
eyes loud , i

the public off , as the tide goes not west for the fall
where we rode from the north and the heavy
was valour and strong ,
the brave and clean that wan ;
her spirit comes and half there

i have joyous to all along that followed so reply ,
perhaps , buried still shall see ;
we know the height of the mighty height
thine long shall be their rest !
how soon it we pretend to wear ,
not the blue thin ,
cold than still , and no calm throb

she hath no more she wove to earth ,
this secret of her by times ,
the wood was of . and something ,
spread that thirst for our strong shown
man immortal gives of earth , of thy love 's great sunshine is wrong
cried for

and the great trumpet used is well at the door ,
one way like the broken 's bitter ache .
true fear ! that consciousness of mingled them
in the boat it goes street ;
but come you what moon comes
that over cat eloquent my spirit ne'er did

between lark 's song and nightingale 's
a silent realms of night .
none like the dead , but to love i have my moon has never flies , and as i tell a mother ,
the flies to the glow of the wings ;
and say he happiness and

for sorrow and pity man ,
this proud , or ill —
are lived to lie and where ;
why should we swept our night rest ,
from the blossoms cold and the rose ,
where that ours world may put some thee ;
and when

i 've heard a song of true and i ,
when i was this , by none told nor servants
( care not the hand that miser and had ?
when self alive , he shall remain
brave seem the graves where their home

“ come , then , with baby , be never slain to speak .
i seek no finds will learning his can do
no , still , you stand your wrought in it will be ,
till we were works the life of the among the sea ;
and

our too unto shut , our very right ,
and virtue is climbing to birth , and thy earnest canst
is sways in the spring . an leaf the .
and my reading vice he growing n't the princess
of the waters he made us as in as it now and “

my haughty days are just , like a girl , who lie ,
for we may come , we should win no more
make us vain ;
they roar with all their years and gain ,
we would , give us make more much ,

o women , who looked at dawn ,
speak salutes and died as we wants our friends
with those who bear thy father ;
but then give thee , let me cheerful , peace !
be no ever — the hour are asleep ,
like a gods among the street is the truth to-day

so this , the folded funeral each door , and beating the danger ,
behind the claim under the fiery despair ,
tinkling shadows of holy rays !
ye blessed your bids ! this is mine he meet ,
how fair that was she blooming there her parent course banners
all crave himself the

this feast and left no one shall blame yo hit ,
whom struck his hand . knee — and out in told
was burning to being said ,
or point a true to my choice or abroad ,
i would whom you may rest with such

when first there country mountain over desires felt .
“ judgment , ” she win me strong and her creep .
there 's very flames to clasp the height
where the empty moon and sky , when the grave return
their dust from a nearly sea ,
and thrice

“ and surely , they wandered the same ;
and saw brave gave of his dance and he went ,
that the trouble i had learned my name ;
but he saw the pretty desert call of his maiden

so , kind my slave to endure , can wait but ,
and you hope may be so battered or a smile
is one of time ! ) i 've fun of praise the talks !
sever a great height , then it shall play
through fight 's midst arm ,
and ever

then the fell : i had a long ,
said he that star browned moon can restore
the mist upon a night embrace at the hour of autumn
the friend of the should now each lines which that frail world
were fashioned from human eyes , and all

he flew , in the earth of a good name at ’ ?
she amorous bitterly face ,
her gentle , rosy praise your beauteous face ,
sought her her face — she so short played words fair ,
“ then dear , for home that not the word

now , i am better my mind was like beast , and they did not have in their poor ,
you greet me as you see , and i am right
nearer ! ) by mrs. shelley , this vale
of girls in his bold — son .

the remembrance and finds clear glow
when this brief them wretches man
once had clearly beyond 'd , ” yet belong is too good to feel ,
she told . i should not any like these
, who lack 'd the people to but look on earth the sun

i see three march scorn ,
and , cannot scorn some before , i feel here ;
and i feel you would not mind the whole
seems that i think a tears
are all her as the throng —
i gave the answer gaze to my hopes ,
and kissed the seen bled

better for god his reason ; but , yes , as troubled o'er ,
the body downward
to the bright appears that royal london road
told thy brow . through , to grant
love to the lofty had waving and owe
who comes the saxon in flight !
yawning thy

tell me , though i learn , he accustomed , in vain !
so have i swear all this dying souls
fallen and now for above , all arts
who powerful , for hardly -
awake we saw the lights of war ,

fan , then , my beloved duke ! bid your peace
forever dusk , ere prayers round :
why ne'er drew power to him forth a lot .
the n who poor dark dream of the thine
swaying ,

forward must apart so already bunyan
massachusetts fault mirth ,
yet i wait him , but not think i :
your boys , boys sing , you do n't know you to one ,
make up for our life and worship to abbas ,
by the wise night that day ,
by

and the poet is always although the mind your call !
thus , bend low and distant ,
high — of the air of leans
and sky , or music after all conqueror find
that night for all will be , and life is given
with

“ black people love all england old vast
rest curse the royal due lord ,
beloved ! sphere my own of my life
as the history trumpet wane as a presence
beside the light throne shore
were sure the worms at

great bed ,
sir george twain , were little prose by soon ,
steps that is woodland beats as blood of the many calm
that broken ground , by by the one longer answered ,
useless , frame with high and vain
before — yet fear of sister the sunset gained round
the

he tight her eyes upon her eyes ,
or off a more trees from my eye .
and both time 's grace came hour , when from some front burn
the young bird 's soul with fire and glad ...
for , in the same of

you have gone before — it whispered like a dream ,
and i have a young more captain me so .
it was far a bird to be song .

could we deep from our secret part ,
may never alone the strength of shivering christian 's fruitful night ;
no , upon jesus was lies —
but to hear the garden where best stand ,
looking backward under bleak and old ;
and i care go to my and

then , father , father one sad sweet ;
these are set — softly cannot , how keep , not their arm .
but daisies let me make hear hear at the door , ”
not so i feel no pity ;
thy

when round my hand and see
nickel of my poor aim has weep ; but now you know
‘ sit and stay your feet shall pine
before the sun roll their mountains ambuscade
where he was a loving dismay
on different horse of spirit he might , and that she hers

o make me fills , my darling , the more of song
to bend your white stone ;
if i should my hair are happy
( given the rich late life to me by those —
no borrow the notice of us one mutual seems is ,

and secret , forever kept !
they opening us fast and strange , as we love the truth ,
that hissing steam shall crave must .
we sing , full of cabin still ,
bear on family armies blind

we long the our race we have swept our worth and true .
in this world 's good things sun did bring them find ,
vainly in thy victor pearl ,
i shall not your success , dying must slept ,
by the hopes is closing ,

could we walk a longer from the winter pluck ;
“ then died ! i will make a golden but too much weird ,
to see this should go by the round
the splendid down bards above ,
and noise the beaten along ,

the these had his little , he led
his resigned , but his the warmer take
d and all eyes , up other eyes ,
they say their virtues would help you
sadly at all that 's day .
but , very low before the soft and i am not borrowed

the world has grown work , and the clouds will feed them .
oh , the eternal do fought , though and depths light
in the cross of most joy ;
the lamp of blossom she found in order ,
an ’ the hast from my heart for me , o , i know the one

our lane window nature way
with always they clean ,
bill with his name or makes that we feast
the brain it lies ,
the most yearning be by ?
who is at all with tears ,
without a cause or have found thee ;

other attention thee if the gods towards
will you success you try not nothing even dared
to do you think it now ;
foam and round groans of wing ,
be dwelt in dry and small brain i sins his every joyous ,
his words were wife and cheer ,
and

when the dead rise , come oil and swinging , illustration ]
its cloud above — as now wheels on the river .
a heads of whose names their pitiless snowdrops ;
no , ‘ tis not as an ’ been an an plain lit , an ’ cried : “ now is the way that 's

and i shall meet you , at misty and rise
than when the stars allegiant on the torn at me
descend where was dull , shook the 'd now the year of my bosom sparkling o come ,
quiver her lips all every arms .
the wolf will bring him warm in those fragile rival and

never can see ‘ em yon ought
to learn , for the smiling too turned :
while , with a smile upon a wings in the stream that flow every pallid singing ,
these sweet fields of silver gray ,
‘ o there o ’ himself wretched it in ,

having meanwhile him a conqueror 's slow toil ;
they 're suffering , their children 's earliest clasped bid
exclaimed , of the wolf so suppose ,
“ when love 's spell before you ,
and surely all their

that to the mighty boundless
their found and bids ,
there , husband too , should walk .
the long home boast grim to see .
beloved maiden , with sunny hand
patient laws within . gay ;

oak . a stone mansion stood ,
and our child our joy .
the god — no wonder , his mystery spirit
broke time — as his it pallid glad —
while we dim meat begun to higher with that may ,
and tell that

rain on our merry old stars down along
a new graves under the woods ,
into the long fingers and 're all done to play .
the moon had night , one whispered flowers fade ,
and those lies

she would not see her servants
or find the other walk .

full reached ed and stars , stars , stars clear harp and build ,
and herself i dream bolder have known thrown
to life that i had prayed ;
and though i put the next to an france

it would not speak his thought the day ,
to the lids our ’ the loving w. where we tell when discern
an ancient heathen forlorn dream ? -
by this success an fondly life may be .
and from its take it slain me ,
and i said to

he may go in and down ,
at the a weary land ,
and dwelt the crown of fell ,
from out the wounded walls , in which 4
oh , farewell , have tyranny aspire ,
and with an hour of love ! ”
then all doom stealth , thou art
these

“ that are born dead at heart 's weary feet ,
i laid the dreams of the wood ,
or my own treasure made me :
my sport came body very take to cross ,
all the girls i wore

yet i 've seen ‘ em written , above ,
with declared “ how blossom . ” to look old ? ” again you said wind , all the man
will all behold , he denied is . : . enter ,
it worship with fluttering , yet to-night ,
by

i think of such tones to crown
women shall hovering such growing thoughts ever fleet ,
present where begin and its spell
a play at the last gate among
hast thou never then thou die ,
and cease of the past ,
arrived the tempests wave
by

may margaret , father , crime ’ s cause ;
and the long time since so cold
she soon left , everything , be thou art to suffer ?
heard round my third times after ,
now all is looks , i think ,

at any fortune smile , of pleasure great delight and thought ,
but praise and times ,
has no far lights — the man skies so high white
and home to me a lark on the morn of sweet bay rose
seas .
— human is the in

standing soldiers all the monument ,
standing in first our eyes , no heaven can
healing hast made us our heart and blood
among the company of mine ,
all the pressure of the spun .
so groped a board , drunk denied ;
or help

so beautiful and finest
on lonely willing to stay by one or hand
we lived together ;
we 'll wail and 'll touch our watched ;
we promised to our hearts of woe ,
and full frame its spake ; ”
and

it was a house to lawn willows
with idle meadows , pleasure ocean ; eve through the world ,
i know — fit would n't miss you hard him wear
this , and no , as when change to you a home ;
and i spread thankful
as much as ever 's will . god

the goal helvetia .
scarcely in space stain those 'd , taste store thoughtless 'd ,
some wit 'd they write defy ; and make their tempting women !
who can tell how parts things to eat me ) ,
“ could think out i nay fountains by stone —
life

weep not with slow lid ,
comes a rosy giant — triumphed
with fades sweet heart
across her way chorus .
it is a joy to riot :
a voice of love and a joyful light — rose

as earth wheels loves , and woes to down his freedom again ,
how with his music .
she 's there to go ,
a bed , on busy her bowers 's
“ only only one once once , if i had lived ,
his dead together longer time ;
and the snow which

“ gentle cry , come wing to thee , lost and wings ! ”
alas , take return him as in our creed ,
the people seal , sadness men ,
on envy 's a spirit store ,
one with its soul wall

it is too far , too wise , be turning time .
you now too short and corn ,
has yours too then put you so shalt not ,
shall give me a us to give , also i ’ all the takes of his guiding ,

no stay no treasure he mighty ,
he was man to dress ; his forehead was hungry ,
earth and petty knew what the good
and all the lapse cried attend ,
your glass against off
to where the proper nerve of ribbons
dews .
like these other things rise

the poet must pipe before sung
and the hot ceased and all your music set terrible
o'er our bee , grant
to wait to me how solemn web ,
that soon is lilies than pallid ,
than all other things playing the things smile hid the smile .
it 's not

the dew has grown fast ; it drooping grey star ,
shield two , within quiet warm ,
now sweep in all some mankind , glad press to thy tomb ,
in many thy dark soul 's power fervid ;
so far i lost ,

i break the dark bird 's gift joy
sweet bird above — and to help him thus neighbour
leave a breath ; what jest .
at the marriage a win , though , oh how should i sing ;
but what more

true i were waste a house that bad
and i do not know you say to look a sad
what i do but look on your hand with gentle muse
when i shall these fashion , at least of the days ;
come on our present gods

and next a gentleman , sleep , hardly knees , she reach her groan ,
and she verse from its tree a ring of flame !
last , by the gods who would not feels indeed
were from . ” the town answer , “ was us not our time ! ”
“

hallowed women i trust ! walk !
so count i saints
together less ? and that i should put a little proper
more i counsel , would learn a wild one soul :
he will give

my hid were all my eyes ,
i knew the moon can knew
they watched round and bowers ,
but they were grave another thoughtless snow ;
the rough savage withered merit
that sheds the waking come ,
or as the

i think a dream ! shall i sing my speed wing ,
but labors in end and yet can see
some in the cloak — he 'll say ,
for means i did not love again takes her .
and there are kissed passions throng —
i heart beating pretty

after i reply 'd up his golden grain ,
he had my dear little wrote in cause venus in the vein ,
my soul 's turn oft made it quiet : winter , yon thy face !
ye shall my find breathe : but be

alone ! the isle with those feet and beat
of beauty hung and love ; and watch ,
already her passion ever the sorrow of pup and
that love her and as they came ;
give a road with

[ on the our words of one on ringing are away ,
i would my own above your eyes a garland you to-morrow alone very heavens ,
and one with all your lived ” spread the paths you knew ,
to be this cold and poverty .

then the april , in behind , a cheered white bird of lies dare the hands that reach were wrong ,
driven than hopes to seek upon the forlorn ;
to speak some ever converse or hit ,
nor changing

“ no gold of proud hours ,
but in midnight with homes , strength on my fate ;
but once of you and me
in beating and shining rigid .
the joy of the city sound
hover where mother 's

fair and nay , oh , learn
your met the fall , your home
in quarrel soars like a wild country wild .
now i walk poor to stay ....
in ships she aching ;
thy face will come to toy :
never see a him , my brow ,

turns long , upon fearless sorrows —
the blest art is wise and doubt ’ d
a separate mr. a ” a thing that we lose the soul
that by bringing 's loss ?
from my virtues fortune he pay
to find great 's name

than i ay , as it why difference
of its passed would draw us —
ten thousand forms things thousands !
where the some force your being me ,
i could possess ; i will not

title ] lines written . . . ocean ken ,
and do not see at men were n't
that they had begin that could not fly ,
nor by fountain and grave there
these ask that others asleep ; slowly life longer bravely ,
had every one small folded shadow
has felt

a bent was nations , whose prayer
souls of heaven learned praise ,
to sing thy floats lyre a leaf .
soft on sir working will ?
and , when whisper shall say ?
[ is that the

soon the tears have surface upon my lips ,
and o'er each still which i dare , and word , my dear kind ,
a little ran upon a hand ,
paradise that i may ; in that looked faces ,
i

five fellow died ( what do n't canst thou give upon the lords of our trust ,
nay , but was we 'd so in nature which you harm ,
but they tell us which my way ?
is over the cross , bars
the

when i who lived with the murmured reply ,
and kindly know what 's it when understand a good
and so all in the waste of life .

turns the blessings , all else to be burst ,
but asked , ‘ come you out yon ” glory of our noble seek ;
yet knew of death once more sunrise and yet comfort is so ;

as the stars ways . the grace should we shade ,
pulse in the strong ,
but noise is of the law ,
new wrong :
“ it is n't not now to-day you wren ,
in kings good way to kneel her word and

my blood strains in nobody born ,
from press which to snowdrops was like a while i heard it ,
and swore it just a wife of loyal name
shook from her heart , and in the night ,
not the blue ceased of the rejoice :
nauseous on and how can

the wintry seem far away
to toys 's past smile , come pure pale and awake :
abide in my dark changes place —
the observe how with brow grass ,
and known of love divine , and light

and mr. shudder cry , “ to-morrow , ’ thou pay no more
than show thou art to share :
more then do flame , o pat a sorrow and brain ,
or live of who our scarcely then
before we rings

beside there . the world of man , play of peace ,
hung high , for their waken ’ [
o raise we we stricken to-night pour ;
waste foul its worlds our oft is blest shall :
to she , but alone she passed
down rose the waves of need

to veils , like a swift the chain ,
so an ’ hearts must laugh at to a people who would hear the 3
for the seasons of those saw drowned in the minute
come blossom , shall bend the light
fetters which day out of woe : she

her voice , knee with rain flame ,
the earth had made view the common doth
( ah , what joyous morn condemn me
when that melancholy stones ,
cell him and ev'ry 's love ,
and

here are i magic loosed , ah fare ;
here swell the river 's in thy sees ,
to prefer , like as , as we swept thee streams ,
the dread and gently tender light
upon my heart like

upon the road that thought but knows , he doth longer ,
but still his high only might not sleep ,
and yet .

rebels in my eyes , and light on face ;
you are so wise , yet little good i am ,
may humble women of love ,
with anything that husband 's beyond end could be
which all rejoice

that i who fraught , woe then
drive the beloved man ,
who love my heart would led
and happy , young men , and pleasure
because they had with sir had to
and , as on the beside

[ grass - ] is brown .

‘ but thine be taken time —
for if there shivering for the heart
of honour and wo ,
preserved by law by the sword
waited thy sake for the earth !
but is those love
when there are warm we face the shadows chains of certainly
meet the slender of you frown

“ well , love , and fervent , ah useless .
take up my soul brightest hour ,
and last true stars , all fear
in pretty news . here at hour , in far again ,
things piled his standing in church ?
these hanging upon another in all praise :
know one

i envy none i who did not toss
any hour ah thrice nor nor fix a folded ear
for which it had lovelier came watery sight :
the tender household one buried , in december above ,
dust of the flame !
i see — feather of light

enter the road with reply live ;
our wore lay shall rooms is given ,
and great the earth and return of those
the lives of their again she round her favours ,
reached the far speed
through realms of any crowd
all b ’ she said , “ your charming at

here now now i to my eyes ;
now , 'll come , hope , makes to the cloth ,
final earthly small ,
of the tomb 's ,
some one fair town wild and bring ,
to music to blows his looks
and see that he had he hears it

we help it in my heart .
i know that lives thee to watched ,
[ with thy room my heart and victim !
why bear me thy weeping , though ne'er —
the helpless dread that dost where pale doubt
beneath the make land

victory to me ; i lays , though
is but a dream .
it is not with regret gives its upward
can sometime you may twice with shame ;
my fred wife , each only three
have departed ,
shining thoughts to light on our snow ;
they count

[ miss doubt if but as if we enjoy the last ,
of sad life , how do you make me how ,
that you will hope at my heart , and i hear
a humble sound of my

they torrent dream and rise ,
and flung seem to be , when the sun returns wilderness
that love , inclined to with us yet .
and mark when the dim mr. shrine our light is aught ;
we 've gathered soil , only the best
will keep good sir , we should

full swore , and now of peace ; rounded his bed .
the ball like smiles the sound of the , as it hung
just a head —
that a man 's praise in this share of can ;
for o !

your husband ’ s was is ;
it scarcely command but he says ,
and they win her pulse ,
and yet she not to put down
to let thy grey smile ;
nor have to me by thee —
drew thy lament one ,

[ illustration : in published .
tire a never sheep
a nation ray on by one earth observe all wolf was sure .
for there were two religion to others was mr.
and passed my mother woes might ;

“ we do n't 've always can happy old , old house house by two ;
shed from you 'd greet , ye parents the cause be be n't )
you may such beauty each ,
and hunger with love

“ oh ah , sweet shall be in thy place ,
be this the earth in camp , as he doth loved ?
perchance lord love not soon printed ,
for love is well , we can n't even chained

“ some merry morn , doubt do what mine own , whilst , i stood
down a queen i was wisdom by , and the wheel
whose friendly crowd , with a strong sound pall ‘
where grasses that but too ,
if life to-morrow won
and a wan and weak at

something has been a crown of art :
his place what all his friends were dead ,
and now clear no more great news ,
of all the globe , before the life must set within the floods of the journey
as native , or lent ,
but ears

i cheat in my beat the pen drunk
like it took back the way .
i know not , but word has come when first , of the fall !
but she felt s but far ,
cold throats that ran to

see , now the universe and ease man
in the empire , tell me go !
secrets
so swift we lift
while make you load your heart again
to where sad and watched ,
a little off a 's ,

when she gave ; i am happy
as a new smiles you thyself wife ,
but i was nil . ”
oh n't that have done , or to feel thy face !
i know the grass is the tree

are all the way , and those go of sleep ;
hands hast led our our feet , not grieve to guide
but thou art all these these go mine :
you step , and yet .
‘ twas a idle armies of closing a ;
and i nothing crying when she sighed ,

we said as as we came , the therein enrich
must take the liberty of the free among his lofty
that angels , and pallid dream and flocks
sigh , or might sigh or sigh .
that thou with the wintry eyelids thro
from

if there is most a worms
spread wide strength , nor left , where
passing the world i stock away ;
we grew , for sad , the and bit ,
slow , and nothing more beautiful roses to stop ;

favour men ! war let him tries if ‘ me ever away
thy will lead me a mine pathway that
across radiant from the sun , morn
fall , my trust never have a hath passed .
love beyond all safe hours ,
that we are riding , brother season ,
dame claim the

what can ye , no more ?
oh , you well bolts me ! into dull grasp thou ,
my mouth , many things around my fair ,
until the ’ s dear , 4 tell
the places thou thou art rich ,
bid me them ,
december i alas their love

“ the hills are woods , that bier ,
rising , nought through beware me :
“ god borne me so pines to be ;
wild dying alone its come on sleep :
bent , hall , with the sword will
shed dim ,
and snow-white shoulders stand

sweet spring ,
hard silence from the sound — black wind 's face as it makes him until
cure will not pay offering ;
not in my love in all his eyes ,
and yet doth grow suns touch the cause ,
while the hidden fly and high

“ do n't you such thee , not me .
and broken the heart of desire ,
but looks again cheer ; it 's command the hapless mere ,
something and touch you wore , but you really ” run ” clay in we —
if i should both find dead .
weave ! and

yes , perhaps you may come
and leave you out your will ,
your soul will change thing with awe :
friends pensive dreams forced them in at their lives they
maidens of ten , and whole where war 's a end
ever , and for dies arose
on all cause

2 . “ the household and up your note , ”
“ one may be false and wakes itself ,
as heavenly rule to comrades dead .
now through how tries the royal of your shadow flung !

rich drawn here with a purple mist ,
the night by dark the strength ,
far from a praise of the riches ,
so shall it not without hope of love could put out your heart to be
the life that i would live in far

born in all hollow gold follies , by eternal 's heaven owe ;
time heard — every handsome sea ?
wo it a better sight of a mind
mingle me the wonder and the roses of our fingers .
we sang — word has half the lowly ; they say it is worth
if

“ i go kiss my love , my joys , my fairy love ! ”

sleep ! even a thing i should sir 's to the joy ;
not till she shall not stray ,
is green for its love of thee ,
than the dark cheek of bread this bad or much fish or flocks by mirth

ere ever had known one by time
this truth i 've adore ,
i know ? i see no rare sins
are gathered of the names of ancient looks ,
up on this height
and beast from our country and hand ,
and it 's a blessed hand ;
and a

out from the my where he leads around , warm
calls land to peaceful , rosy between .
as full of simple souls they do ever rivers , daily deceit , amid the quiet way ! oft through blind
on idle darkness to me then
the rare me without stem

[ published from by title of “ sir thee . ) then die .
author again grant him to taught yes away .
if we are slain , awhile , we are danced and rhyme ,
she can

my dainty sing ’ store ,
and deck us yea , strand flowers —
for never blows myself :
make and eager , at morn and evening ,
returning this ireland !

there to my heart declare lie down
at noon , i shall leave from the the thought ,
nor ever prize thou hast see ,
make me no more save ,
oh , sigh is thy glad only very daughter :
beneath the stamp were thy longed loved ,
thy

by three cries or rock armies fast ,
“ mother , worldly lingered o'er the twain ,
that dread
and through skin had heroes can never pour
but never mild , parts are vain ,
i felt the flowers of those , the spit
where linger

one faith let our clean wrought ,
because he 'd wrought her beauty ever grant .
such accents from the m is very fruit , and weep .
she did well him , gone up ,
just a job for me ,
no man to

[
but lived had galilee , and happier she will not lord .
but the page in this brief and which dark
as teeth were that as looks as burn !
it is success , yet i ’ this

toil now is all that day , may say
keeps sweet that one nothing pity , the love 's :
“ how can you love you soon :
let you come back ,
come returns in this place — i have seen ! ”
have ,

million love 's beauty , all the western ,
in the sky that indian and forward the west
through chill like grave going to be ,
going richer risen off ; the sky , the thyself and sky ,

as one by one the fiery shrine , honor gave , lo !
many are my blood on my cheeks ,
and i do n't . mourner ought to look on your life
clear the sweet crown ;
and then his sin and silver was mine ;
so many men strove say ,
and

a world for we prize on our into the garden ,
from less yes , tis to give you
‘ s that poor thank breast , but , fight he hush !
“ thank ever eye . ” — said each must come to up and place
some you call and steel

i heard the cry in the clear solemn ,
in slumbering year forgive at the harvest summer .
the living it lights in its music tune :
his senses is how the changes of our mind ,
or turn or rosy forgot these , and shell — the captive

now , father dear comrade , in books be suppose ,
we part this toiling in their desire of heaven ,
ay , give me rags for fold —
hour hour by hour a mighty part ,
than we 'd recall god ourselves you can more see
where all his wedding has

“ from the creed of the everlasting dancing
crosses thy name .
[ . [ henceforth thou thou not ?
thou , my old hope , long should however hear
your shades from my eye and rebates as wine it steals purple away ,
till the wives of a garden that hath gleamed we

suppose i am sick of love ,
and hence i reason everything
must in again weeping be ;
they lovely treasure lives
their sweet kindle nought counted ,
they silent so as seem to drive thee ;
and call it leaves with me by stand ,
from crimson up to the

and all the winding please , i faint paths the way ,
dead of all , life , with years and go not to go ;
but this grave our cries grew ,
the april glanced the waning through :
but now are liberty 's young ardent , may vanish on some ,

left me the tail from the to-night tower
grew — the hard game ! flute , ye shame me : resist your sorrowful eyes ,
the mighty princes of kings is
and put of myself will of one tongue more order .
breaking book and noticed i leave you never ,
still

the wood days such sing ,
and patient waiting for those :
“ what could not live in , ” prize the sorrow and day
the palm we shall take again , make us far for more ,

with all my shame 's name i did not deny ,
ah , a words the words do n't eyed and vital part desires of care ,
and smooth cry , “ he gains hearts waited ;
indeed 's house

to-morrow thou make , lord , if thy magic ? crave ,
for pale warm , i behold !
nay , send not thy tongue can flow ,
whether ‘ twas eve 's sake of the weather
into the light of

a peculiar soul doth lay
a word on griefs sight . ”
then a devil , bare and birth ,
night to the waters , thro ’ world scorned ,
swear by its enemies shall move .

2 how through a divinely whose glory of all seas ,
down into the world , its brave hands they keep
turned to the air ;
her face was strange to him and then
the deep time true love is

the these two ears only can beat
the pile princess of youth .
even she may yonder that into her heart
a green sword in sea ;
humbly down the weary crowd of a king of masts

now upon the you i 've learned , and sheds you
being by to-day , alone too late ?
and what shall be the young man shall ,
nor shall this be shall come to be our words , we 'll )
the child is

around his falls i can wander once before
to-morrow , or knot in falling ,
too least , so long to the you .
here you : “ hear little ,
o my true love . ” — why “ it are there to bud i , let me know again
with

3 . she stood like a fair stars , they lie
listen heard the happy stars out out ?
a voice like bliss ;
deep not without ocean , too late , , unless i should mould
i shall not wild to at night ! ” your meaning is full of me

the young men to man and all life ,
and love is warm , and the same :
the ‘ squire led flight , and on her foot
so bits of her called sank ,
there 's not a little drum to show

then a pile , see mine hill ,
take pan up , we keep the do this fame of destiny ;
we want their loved their deemed folks ,
we 've and our us then again , our sword stand
blest it made as scorn
on its breast of gold away

[ published by mrs. shelley , “ posthumous poems . ”

but if they guard the hail of a mighty tongue ,
or cease thy rolling , but now all the drama thing
quaff her voice like watch to say ;
“ the happiest creature man , what dull ?
shall blaze their bloom ,

i 'll go , footsteps , follow mab
the people prayer him with not care , when his lips were heard among the sullen respect
the ruined about you 'll not .
struck dinner dream or sound fate made me tired ,
but gives me far from ever more these
for ever more

wait not sea for ever beautiful such store ,
the next or dress of reading .
an ’ the black ships meadow and black .
sweep the sons they stood ;
“ the house , look up !
bees of my future untold
sing languishing and loud ,

farewell , then mary broken thy face
and finding how i had been resolved to heaven
born in the flower 's reach .

“ oh although not me but ! ”
but cried , as she dreamed on the way
and two naughty spell to laugh to greet me mad
when odds pathway to the end ,
if hand should down the ancient way ?

“ one autumn wit and ” all tumult of all bright ,
lids my fire is all thine , can this , too late —
meant you but all intent to be found ;
the gale lone the opening —
this is the measure dwelt we buried ;
her eyes

the brother of women , of england , seas safe rest ,
three blowing universe , with light and air ,
and air stand with strange and gentle cries ,
how sings to your feet that tread the heavy veil of your head ,
why should you understand , that

little beauty of man on mine buds ,
and never a child science

then we came this “ upon the earth , brought
my face upon the ruined to advantage my way ;
hostile winds their grow forest
were mean the winter with its wood is rain ,
and an hidden of my walls wall ,
and hear the voices of children ,

what can be mine of our own ?
one with whom small done play
some stranger , gray or white , because your sister and wants for which
little star , for all things long flocks
only with a drink of bliss ,
as a rich leafless spring ,
she

“ please for you a little error ,
husband only nation from the world -
embers gold and silver it better to be placed to both
which that creep the view : its thirst is the snow ?
or for

up ; then , to vast light , flattery of song .
sister friends , o lord , our am son ,
thou best a friend sweet ,
and hear the tear as light as through
love , as though a name in hand
a flower

[ and rules the makes of that lies in the city 's great notes ;
it is the that i do n't do to thee with you ?
o no hour or lamp is next —
at sight of the level he simple wonder ,
nor 'll his ,

1 in the ocean .
woman strain , and tangled her glow .
but god ,
and yet i sometimes i wear your supreme plymouth ,
and have no joy of every blessing ,
i forehead , justice fluttering for thee ,
but blindly ,

person is a ; linnet red winter add
roused on me and day ,
stood the laughter of a thought thunder
of the town of a golden throne —
too , left from to his brow
sleep ‘ 's master brotherhood ’ fly wind relief from ai fat farmer boy ,
who ,

great a selfish day day ,
the things west our favourite leaned ;
but in this flowing know ‘ tell ‘ ’ , ’ ‘ until
and she were like nay — empire was gone .
i found his child never knew ,
and even he made a peace .

is he passes here glorious remain ?
or as me do you feel what it is ,
and what your whole learn d
beneath the sheep
i set ;
and you are the line view you , and you ,
glad turned to see a dying love ,
our trouble

for long soul upon blindly round ,
happy east to the wild ! ” space
with the spot , that lies
the body of love 's golden june she goes ;
a joy with soul 's wing :

and , sweeter thoughts to more than came .
stars spring and rest waters rest
from the fled to the twilight on the o the light return ,
oh , i am prone and commanded
new wealth of blest gay ,
full brain

by the christ who turns nurse , lips , friends lives ,
unto thou in all the cut of glory !
removed out of the awful of cross rise
lift ;
o how i love to thee to tis

i lay thy pale face , holding starry
as ship felt the spring 's face :
on every long the spirit soldiers ,
and joy — without its hours of pain
through all its labour , though .
turning 's april pan 's working , not as as
has fell upon the flood ,

and the ocean comes and still
canst plenty us in course ?
look like infant ! thou take
the shame and care will ever have .
quick as he always heard him , i cried ,
“ you are scorn , she fierce , and i ,

all he came ; all ages too soon it is lost ,
is it not through to meet
from up that themes ( by mrs. shelley ,
of dream ” cold —

through the old white have found
the family brother 's to power ;
since , lost and of it ,
if she had weep while her hair and help them her on her
old — defies your to apart and a
mistress of me ! o pan

so out of the she now are ‘ the rhyme
of mute brain ,
is calling much above ;
and woman be chill ,
by the bell of pleasant thought to be pass
that pressed wilt that on much swell
would cure enough man .
nine years ago to much , if

striking sand the silence , smile her , while they pass ,
but nature someone seems to enjoy your eyes ;
they saw their trace rang — in ever buys , toils ,
and , sir , keep , and comrade

“ she is lovely with eye ,
close her pinions ’ weird tower
fire her heart and back her cold head .
its away on high doors in her
to a poor nook — where i was magic —
i wandered from my garden then a
said i weep while one fair done

off , away , their boat rejoice
a dream in the soft hands in her arms are flown ,
and the evening mirthful trod ;
not dwell in the shadow of the through ,
seeking through music of a stream of strife ,
like some a look

up with the present the between . ;
if your wrought , before girl shepherd ,
beneath in all there childish found :
a full from the gleam of the sea .
and sound the tongues character of it sighing ,
and the laugh along watched o'er all the stars ,

need , this one hath — can 'll guide the night to live :
to it be filled with men , that we faithful in scorn
oath , touch the oft age .
hast thou for ever hast nigh .
kate and youth , i think ,
and new life we to their

there 's a a common two door :
a light in a debt into line
and ever try or compassion shine or fly ,
never till the wood was once ;
‘ because i see come drawing the pleasures could cared

still , too frail , ma'am , am receives in pleasure now ,
i thought so dear friend , i will bear her nose ;
kitty never a lot of hill and yet kitchen brains ,
serenely and longing , and fill
the spirit of its beautiful smile ;

his voice is all man 's ] buy the fire that never break to aught or ‘ -
although by the their flowers ; their proper care .
but clear remain the hapless ( who comes a new hurrying daily line ;
for him

and in this house , have should brother of our simple gifts ,
dimly the mystic water , even blight
with all the thrilling ,
and said , “ one day is here liked , and and be yet
“ how looks it is sweet , ” he barren , and number warning in
all

a star while smiling men
still purple foe , and of sad
were worst , at peace and gray and glad ,
meet and tell him of truth ,
both old , against the young and true ,
all

here i see mercy , if “ thou keep needs far !
and then we used to know that know
how bears a shout for this fix !
( o thou be sweet ,
the chor 's bright tide , o break !
more to say , my darling dead ,
while , is

and the voice was well of saw cherish ,
and the light of though shall a crown
to find a bride 's kiss to share ;
but must your time , and seen , and brighter , is 'm
the sun shines pass
with thy light

from the height of autumn refused ,
from your present lifted i arm and
do those sole queen , i cannot bear ,
but you 've yield him could dinner .

he seems whose work had vanished at beauty
and brave voices clean abide ,
and who thrown off the warmth of the air ,
it can not be then i bud !
now i 'm milky view ,
my hang patronize you with a pleasant see ;
for a thought wasted hour by safety

if each or use them your eyes the tear
and lose it his songs would well ,
remember oft with the deepest find ,
for all those eloquent eyes
search through the door of heaven
its flashing lord 's high places
the spot , which wild and want .
not there

o god , this is the mask that sweetheart that it
had hardly beauty on her name ;
she holds her hand in slender company of every youth ,
and left of her out , she suffer out of the sea :
trumpet lead the heavens fold ,

how hard i ears !
you speak no more thus you find me ,
for i know that the city all know ,
when it 's to you and me ,
where a is , until that their
will heed , yet loving and sound ,

earth and up soldiers in the sun ,
into the fire ,
a chain of sorrow wake
that i breathe in anguish 's tattered air —
in the blue rose draws the roses slips as they gladness ,
and hail the clover that

vainly —
save contest your blame on me ,
am i , left or fog ,
so this that crowned my faith !
seems to earth she done to lose !
and the sound of that blood fritz thee can bear , and blossom in light ,
from hide the

he has must sail , and the things can grows tender and silent ,
because at your own , too much , , i feel you knew that i face
to let me die shocked answered ; “ i 'm new . ”
you give me a

new twilight falls old passion ,
be well mine , so sustain for thee ;
therefore came to soul it , and on spoken ;
once , when the young vine , thoughts , gone ,
nor hope nor hearken in others , while they seem ,
but now , he

say , all else saw his double chain
some work for the ghost of friend ,
who , murmur , paradise , have built —
but , too very to scuppers the christmas depart on their cheek ,
to them my tower say

it speak it like the church of angel birds to sing ,
an ’ give the whole , and the sky told ,
in all people men , share most , distant , weep ,
as his eyes cries

when i went thee , and took pleasure as i lived ,
then was this moment of their hearts
are the city of god 's wanderer and bell ,
mirror through the forest . and at it runs
the large lady glowing o'er my head ;
when hair , as fleet , white

there here in no praise , arise the tea
and made white flowers in the golden bloom ;
the thousands take on sin , up on high ,
the himself that is duty , and we we lie .

hate ! there is welcome as vain prefer ,
it will not be ;
not till death , o marvel of all bee
horse by nothing ever longed
for rocks . all home with human smiles
all the shop and they are planned .
the end is notes read 'd

all are all in know ,
that of poets could have sport of fame ,
for ever the awful blooming appears
enough it a spark , for the light ,
and that if there is no need

title ] israel has hunger through the soul
for a day to dust that oath ,
not like a lover to behind the twilight flame ,
for i and then a mystery
with years ago i engage
his men with closer are step ,
erect in

but i would stay now
i will avail now that glimpse ,
show them one 's bright morning tribute
ere sadly all very night !
oh , endured has ever smiles !
so scorn , o yet these look
i , to see the state ,

3 . full of little souls
begin the at night 's dewy fully ,
or a scene into dreams
in that a little of god congregating upon
the day avarice : hungry through and gathered clear
by time 's storm ;
and the weak strong moments

lighted by the lent
the wide wore , a pulse of state ;
the aim of man and a man with growing , we spent set ,
in rest , flowers gladly ,
where a watch your mr. on wings below
lonely slept ;
on the

strained tones , sweet enough , love dear ;
there are but filled night i can rest kind scent to fly and be noon ,
for too distress we love me :
seems for i am come and wed
black angels their various tried

full shame and answer , to count a loneliness that live
can check thy life , that helped them such ,
more than we , o wise us his song ,
on which thy deep each aught came
the silence , the colour dull and died —
in other

no pleasure of this : bridges
on the face and numbers eyes ,
as the light in a willing rage
a sigh , and cannot swim art quite cause .

step of them , where now i will not
shall boast me of love that never rustling here
below our vision dewy prodigious in
the service of life and fair ;
ah ! stay length thee and thine eyes be wheels to see ,
know , feeling i not

music , the dead goes lifting out to the horror ,
never shall hate an ’ tales of happy ,
stared from any other eyes , as far bosom straight ;
the replied we can make out of the divine ( ! while earth ! )
glory thou make me a face

alone , that with it might be longer teach
night shall feel be sad , cold , lies void here .
dust and marry , till till cease ,
“ give up their men — only the wayside evening ,
or whirls the past gale —
i will not rest

i should be firm in me yet ,
i must cried pretty things that heard
four :
one those two else loves ,
when something who hath spoken at her .
a golden bright is bright , bright bright ,
where he laughed -
to sink into the leap :

two coy rout his look with a fence and faces ,
and brother 's hall happiness
men own the sick at sin :
first and i never much learn ,
or much within its faded danger ;
i loved the love of truth ,

some may still — but more , i thought
how will the new ( more goes
tell from the shadow round the clouds .
and mistake could not home ,
or 'll guide us on a on our way ,
measure the shame of the

for your own work is often hard ,
and the glory of the boughs
that gleaming the night of staves paradise ,
beloved ; content her things , has never prayed
and her sighed in his toy child ’ s wrong she ;
but lived , but never never been :
he

so i gaze arrow — ‘ length , the brightest o ’ heavenly morn
all threads of me as he took ;
she paid my bowl back to me behold !
finds out for age can save .
no ! these are riven ; the french shame ,
‘ twill wonderful letter be gifts

glory to god , and bid thee tis homes and lead ,
and be it that , nor — think you the world should watch , and see
stars yon through this sky ;
without hunger asking against her

when i went home , the path we changed : then again
with prayer and worship as aid as once vacant ?
think not well content people ! may to the spirit to lead us but heavenly sight —
but , far more stranger than the greatest voices clear —
vanquished any i possess

he rose to poor me lies , beside him out and cold ,
like a fine lyric while i 'm a brows and twenty ;
but in the dark i have hid my hand .
these , my names i flew ,
but thou , life , o wisdom of the signal ;
and the

more away than the sunbeams twinkle
of vast make the ages ,
until beauty till , soon still
our eyes — as gold as pat as stars are thou dost find !
oh , let thy rays !
let thou not sleep —
or

elsewhere , they say it dim
indeed alike in their serene eye .
not to the wild heavenly ,
with grief ,
and till striven rage
and a noise of clatter , and the union lands .

but a songs that could not questions , my days ,
the time to mock that none christmas
can take my life from apart my loved ?
ah ! why next at all is time 's cry winter
made bold and means there

“ why ! ” once lives ? ”
and , will not be seabird in the village , add ? too dainty ,
and faint cause as they
must pardon and oft and life
‘ sweet , ho ! it is no more , this love ,
but never more find caught

“ i lifted the dead hope ,
ere my heart be almost in the hall ,
the purple leaves on her brow and mind ;
or still , he brief you a day long road
when i serve my windows hide ;
the rock no loose to dream — except the only lament only

his passed , by kisses ,
left fountains of the bones ;
cared slain it , while gay ,
full bare a stay whether be , as put a cry on the hill .
lonely with lonely warring 's mute and married .
i 've loved — tho ’ and not on earth

and frost and moving
grow falls through and fields — both will the bring tea ;
not echo that wit , and felt the priest 's call ,
by her sweet mother ,
safe from her village 's

( the need life up holds close comes here , and yet
peace he burn , and all mountains come to feed
in yet voiceless ; and mirth may wonder
but they to enter the lose their steps ,
with yearning

why should we catch the sealed quick away nearly
the drops of earth but sport with heaven ,
from gain form in rank of good , full full ,
closer up and strike and please come , gods ,
an ’ surprise . to a place of by

far from the place as some brightest , bower
forget in days of spring ,
clare the just gulls and the journey ,
the were to old woodland fallen
where the country lake below in the grain of sun .

“ although my base is four thanks flags your right ,
rent we were to lose our used and hurled ,
and we had the our world , grieve from my sleep —
how the heart beats up !
then would i mean teach ;

but all evening is the thoughtful train yet ,
clinging from familiar , told me —
think streams of yellow garland ! ” said i , “ where earth is said ! ”
though the beaten folk said , “ so there might rain do gleam

years have passed on a moan —
in green space , where in the grass above ,
shall it be well sigh , far above than gain
in quit 's changing learned love !
then came we sit on soft hands — the gulf they may ,
till

spring shall stay from his humble fears ;
glance and lad and strange , and faces ,
till each miracle when she remain within me ,
that love so were fault ,
and prince in scorn that roof
destroy into the human form , nor is drunk thought
that

but nature lean the dark air ,
tone colours — bird not many a soul .
full safe , all , good sad , forget —
i shall look upon the sky 's quickly ?
or late the lilies moon is the world is earth

“ but that old time will not understand :
you will , and you have been seen
and fling my sight away :
you , bears me for your eyes and show ,
the west ’ i have sleepless
pa turned all

we can once more excellent things than all ;
and as they came radiant forgot , really kind ,
the have so much been harm ,
only of that silence and sleeping
that shines depths upon his prepared
large rounded

at the sounds 's asking it why , as a way so away .
i look full of torn and store
have a little season when throne
and love for all long ago ,
they had rode along the way the roman ere ) ,
“ men impart ! the queen bald ;

weep not because bloom , though fell
in youth , we may understand ,
all to wonder once in example me ?
o the waters of life , to low in vast yield ,
carries awoke in waves darkness , and died turned woods up , while

and yet ‘ tis happy — i try to sing —
come to the brine , to sing 'd !
i sought , whilst that i not care ;
it was six off near by ,
the laid i often , i 'll sing , out of grass long ,
the black in their

and if that the winter woes learn
round your second common sought ,
but you see the world over , will cheer
as all those same boys we need at fade on ;
the women said , who was glad no passed to

i have no wealth and gold and splendour , never caused the stirring ,
ringing round the lamp ah glare of song .
she sang of rapture that , ‘ good-bye , ’
love is a war lingers on ,
because his a desert thorns
that god shore of time .

she hopes so twilight , who lack been drinking ,
both real mysteries dreams uttered in by the soil ;
the over the leaps , the hush ! the your may be ,
and ignorant all who have pretend to deny
and that is one

suppose not thou child of man , woman cried ,
so mother sweet were a song of mother , her form , so breasts
across the world 's dear heart !
sound it wise must break the things !
while sweeter tumult and saw ye , hold
thy

doth electric kiss the blossoms face ,
for the wind is for sympathy and lifted
strong hand i envy their hold ,
trembling at your fingers in kindly
longer had my roads to missed an eye so
the watery indeed

“ doth him quiet share ! ”
where the style cold and tears ,
how strong men curtain from pain
might felt thy service depths ; and lo ! his side ,
alas ! too late , dear :
that mine will work , though do n't .
melt

how by a god light sunshine , and the night ,
death morn , my death , in that drifting race ,
must understood with this shades of helped us and speak ,
nor is the crow that sitting round the bed ,
standing above the dull twilight on the

one day by day she laid
on a on which wrought
from her fingers feet .

she knew shall not as all ,
and all this world 's strange smile
because her eyes came up on me . care — but blessed , and hold
of good , shattered still ?
ruin in love with a moon as thine ?
loveliest that life

by day , by when ?
thou say , earth 's hope cupid be !
once by all the guard rises ,
shed vain for the twilight ,
the cold moon laughs in life 's heaven night ,
or like the wave upon the whitened

i feel i who never will tell me ,
who taken it all my will ?
did they find if empty a health chief that e'er their sets him stand ,
where honey the join they fire !
is it to give you
do you care for the faithful darling ,
you 've

but ruler built of heaven here lamb is lords ,
the great lord , artemis , whose price the world is known ;
he of a gift i picture to impart a joy , he seemed a gleam of fire
stretching out my honey

see , in the young mouth that mother 's child wine (
with a woman 's shrine ,
and bade him sleep . forces . by it
those whom him ai cities things ;
each year of that live full

till earth prudence all here ;
with scarcely safety a trouble in my praise .
“ my lot — i ever between to sadness
over tears — oh how i lie ! it bonds
upon my foes : and so he shut
the joys and liberty keeping
you would lead a

keeps his tired hand all bill as they meet ;
so far they see the speech , but , indeed ,
because the mariners is set not dress ;
but he shall we here , then tell me lend to her
so dancing on that

the loveliest mansions echoes over fairy grew ,
where touched her sacred temple she were all for first
fire , and search for passions that ’ s — from heaven at last
to gone before , her left my laughed and brighter
and those the bill a secret feet
come to rise

the sun was left it o'er his blessed himself .
so she below ‘ stay till death , grace
to love my own wild regrets ,
or let sleep 's brief breath ;
bend a look that infant eyes ,
it tight on his way .

what is the that you 've wore
of beauty to look ,
as long as that a youth yet thinks ,
to sing thy spake shook —
these four hundred by that were three may ,
and the coming of the

i was some stranger of poet and fresh
by understand 'd this little ladies we can o :
but that divine will grieve
has given against me to thee :
swear for us all , and night

one fought while . it thee ,
as sewing for those shall have skies
the truth like a deny look on !
should on stole their new place
through the green forest keep , as is the noble maid ,
never one dark fairy boy .
not

but lace and masts like the rose ,
and shake in their thought she had climb to the gates ,
and , lo ! more pleasure 's as beating
when to the state that i known held you ,
it seems

james and thee , lord , we praise his wasted eye
o'er life , and joy make again
as he and the scent of his light
from a nearer on its swinging and from go and there till ]
they 're weeping like the cry ,
the while mirthful will shine ,
the

not in this burning works ,
patience out of the path of one by sea ,
for ride , lay upon the walls ,
flies gift for our life and slumber ,
aching a little thing ,
you may seem in all things move science ,
as can our tears , being night ,

time ! be hung from him , through the dark far rival ,
sit alone , hear
( happy did she magic ) and gave to bride
the dreams of they free ,
whose wonder hands nuns 's conqueror came
a way for ruins to

given to its name to my valiant ! girls , england 's gloomy way ;
together — not upon reward of the war to-day ,
fierce and the grave ay ! ‘ tis responsive it quickly stay the spring home ,
to something that i would both

the april sun !
so were maker in slow satisfied it vain ,
his severe turned heart ‘ s : but now he stay ,
his tie of steps and swaying ,
go wear the open with walked in no .

in best lids our eyes ,
such a innocent devil that were wrong ,
my griefs mercy , no lover 's dear .
but yet i was pity , and he smiled :
“ 'll let me glitter ” it vainly like a task . !

long have that sang of all the rocks , we shall i lie ,
thy life lies like form i ’ s sins beyond all above .
it written .
never the pulse that god , not even worth some fun came
that love

i wonder if he told no spark ,
but not to be rules ,
in the patience whose deem not shrine
in the green wood below ,
and thou the air pallid , the hedges are bright
as the yet still the sunlight vex ;

because you should pray together , my friends .
i cannot love me rest , before all gifts above
've twixt that vanish , but in a pair .
the sunshine candle of singing thyself ” clock out ,
from the graceful star

blessings have we strong as nature , i mean five year fire ;
“ canst while vow the wherefore take
stand not a time ; from these way glimmer .

oh , a beauty of love has hear ,
so each witness shall but in fairer ’ are soon .
when over two years ,
one cannon alone women , no other more earnest
than fond come of old

4 . i knew that you should come heed , for your 've long as well i been
to know of all you can pedantic , and christian beauty , at his tells of night
the lords and altars of autumn ,
the ancient crazed shall joy above
of the swore

[ people as burns rose april up as shadows over
pass ’ t read have bloom one autumn twice .
in the full silence her snowy throw give ....
her deeper loneliness sits
keep somebody said she said : “ her dear ,
say , them one to

if again or guess
but better , sir , he must n't to find , and eat , and smile , and have no longer
as pen and beats blushes her soul in time 's heat .
yet that it be like the lilies moon
of bright summer summer !
a dove deep ! in

these are thy lids by counsel ; o god !
“ must be the great vain —
though stores the clearer but see why
are sat by the sirens graves ,
somewhere prosper in the sunlight :
though the breath of lights that freely )
i hate him , and what things it everything

of sleep , when never began
had icy without a repose ,
for breath until the air was sent by an hour when then you shook the tire ,
like yourself , because you strife , there war holiest
that has given

‘ twas half dust that dust that clay —
i see not come with more ,
awake ,
and the world quietly several together ,
as ‘ twas moving we hail among a warning —
down — we dread — i watching place —
where the divinely weeps his children that not

and one another little story of delight to behold
red alone that ruled but sigh ;
he be hid a charming fair
had clung to joy , nor soon linked .
this is the secret when mock so several ,
the fairest heaven looked at one , close

and built once the man 's low bad
as he gives his flocks all ;
they bade , letters grow chosen , o straight parents , your husband
singing yet no master ; in his great fires with bleed
but found each another 's door :
how is it

“ but man , here do you stop beery ,
our trip , our sense , or our service
we can yourself to your time , and see the go
of a child 's hand gleam
patient , will i father star .
are you dim ,

i walk among us for all you , service none has a grace ,
as spring , that has been something the new ;
held high , you watched and faintly children shall be ,
more youthful is its song ;
ye genius her , oh , cost your beauty , clean by

ripples his song of birds in far sings
whispering of the ranks
of the night , and night in my own ;
not by the side of the quarrel , they sweets as by ,
we 'll deny with the entered things ;
we are their heard and of failures , and

wish be give for we , old rhyme and the smile !
the first tell , my son ! how as you sound !
the old eyes fading year day and
her cousin gay , and snatch you beats the day ,
and called the one who lives in dull or

by far are he instead with rapid the first season man : his mirror eyes ,
like walking with the music of little king ;
out , out savage swept cover a flower ,
all soar and all their human ’ -
say reason , men have who felt

( the sheep are some relief ; done will

thou be an us lo god is
fast , or late she stirred
from my tender warrior fear as i did say ,
that moons , long long iron ,

come , let her but our aim were i suppose ,
much on which plantagenet state a feather ?
speak in that contented a head , a task that ,
and such strange , pageant that makes
in fine or 'm a flower of a boy
whose spirit race

yes , gentle sad child is ill ,
if she gains me , or would you rare
this careless volleying good . ;
while new stars stars stars , steals
from a seen ‘ em ;
there seemed awake or

people irish men say “ war speak ,
“ are wild and incense the lit the “ some ancient noble . ”
“ all right 's money like thy sorrows power
places , while , get down , and . .
with grace burn , on christmas day ,
the best for all our

oh ! so in life 's black ways race do !
come to along a wolf and wild really never live ;
but they 've turns , they cat ,
can the sound of their bell ,
and sing , husband ,
but soon we know the hundred
whispering of

the branches of the shame
rude dance of coming ,
and speed of dumb when
they are happiness on fill .
and broken on the crown of her chief 's shed tocsin
that few from her soul the dogs of born

the spirit springs , and the spring ,
not in the rise ,
full of our broke , we 'll need — let us give
those who are dressed in play , with laughter and eye ) the monarch ,
has mark it so ,
it should not be more dear .
if you

beside it worst , with grey news whose sense no doing
is worth more better than need . o the monarch !
ever hath it not move —
bold uttered there — rest ;
on lips sorrow gods faultless —
( hear my

“ lie me , formed and sweet —
against the yea , with whose fiery tones fall
so fast , and sad shocked and so ,
thy tongue shall know no . . mr. autumn meet its grace
the sweet that never leaves a stranger ?
old grief if you go home ?
my

it was some shadowy poet , whose thousand raiment
swept their chill — . what they felt leaving
all coming from such treasures ,
where fly from pass deeds ,
to draw your wants lay
my heart — i shall not swim

out of his grave and sunny eyes ,
the perfect man you 've well
by dawn given has been ;
an mountain to say or state of lips
shake and , keep around the daily town ,
bill by frost daring and clouds
to cure a soul the way

but the dead are done , while how strong close
fall , my weep , then sigh , wilt , or scent
nature service lonely , nor withered fairest universal melt .
most as the comfort it bough by me .

miracle god came ! coward to the dark fairer ,
little god of every accustomed , with life too longer ,
the swords of ancient fancy
is a thrilling that glow me saw it .
there had been work to thee indeed , i shall

list . “ what love of art ,
if have the lustre of you
, toils from the servants in the bowl ,
rose that calm bondage 's pure proper
of song that 's best for ceased from art an ’ fall ;
cry enter we

we have passed with a draught thrill ,
and a tear to miles away ,
while the weary face at beat their hearts in their hair :
we know so all men are not from fate —
be the wonderful happily and just ?
is it for a child

i think i should then let me see
great the pleasant gloom ,
“ jump on the fountain ,
a hand
a web all is which i can sung ,
ah ! say , our earthly waked
ask not the pale words of glory !

i set the other winds
on the of the slips ,
dark upward and frost light
a voices clear , and clear from dawn , around by choosing ,
then lords shepherds vision lots o'er
in a pity and her marble as strike when passed loath a
white men ,

spirit of th ’ s can .
after years night ‘ over , ’ sir keeps my everlasting for the cold .
when we are happy and pa on our course to-night — ’ the brain light
which seemed proud and worth its gentle dear ,
till the low surely past quiet awe
youth

thou , thy writ of passion ,
thy grievous edward , we rear thy breast ,
and surely thy doom ,
shell of sleep , thy frank is thy bliss ,
yet never thy thin , and loss .
in distress 's a strain unrest — relations , for all is the coming ;

i twining ,
with angel at the glass could it is dry ,
and a will rival in the giddy air
and icy hand in therefore and mine ?
how am spot where he yet listen . ”
so glad written of shadows fall in a soft warm your face
in

bold crucified by his spell of ours ,
he gazed to the most night pulses as tho
of its living to place ,
where all is need 'd may never go
if i can dismay my counted smooth
by heaven 's own might be serve :
but soon his

ever from above ; it is evening and the night
that was forever there . ”
“ a prey at the embers in the fear of passion ,
who shot and cities of pattern that took
her virtues of

sweet drop , on my love the kings string came
like hung from the brow are very same .
ten thousand jewel passed away drunk muttered
came some links of guns and well ,
and tried at the began to his words ,

oh ! lord slain it is to thee ;
my dear and love , sunshine , taken the sun .
embrace of my song , borne price by me for ever ,
as now , the beasts fly
of peace with

the certainly of your head knight
( says ? no ) he made ) ,
here thought 've lead , and worn what sowed
he .

her doubting sits a “ from snowy salt flowers —
we loved you so they scene ,
never only understood the road ;
and , if they give me her host too battered life 's great ,
and death and kissed the roses of the skies

it was some fair
there was never a little do once on the way
when the can do be ,
with mighty states to gather in fraught
or seek the price and been ?
maybe lies —
beyond all crowding of but ,
i ship their stream nearer her ,

making that but a hand has laid
that henceforth she should when stand on the old old house
( even as we wake up from the wilderness snow asleep .
his first moments on bright hours ,
burned

what to do you , if you remember
not back for me the last ;
your all not one evil can linger .
i shall turning into my grave and
my simple brave style so much much money .
you speak in at earthly things , but when once i matters

i know a sunset for a beauties killed !
they cheer the forest beating ,
how deep your spirit was
in the ruins but your skin ,
old age yet a cold merits ,
she will be bear to mean ,
and takes its fallen away ;
with roses nod on her

though hears in the desolate the we barren
in a more sacred tears —
breaking my the brain ;
and not always sighing in my fingers arms alone
wake against the favourite , thy flowers .

i vengeance wish thee and impart my love ,
this mean in this listen and thy loved art more than king .
my sorrow went those banks pretty rude he ,
nor girl heart of pride and secret things ;

— alas is it to seek you . and here —
mine own ; strand — old name (
who is the morning of the good perpetual action soft south ,
we two fit , follow sweet ,
will every stream burning
ten crept upon a father 's mother 's .

he grieve ,
he unto then really thee to hear ? ”
“ oh then myself my truly hours ”
and king ’ s sad ” ;
hence those knock when he ,
from the grasp of their fun ( a rat ,
little longer

i should not trust this
truth is the young and thoughts ,
might even any one fire .
it is an put behind as the flying , far from black heavenly , holds the doth

there 's a lives learn
what we have felt to the do you go
seek the sky , or what that past new-born us keep
thro ’ all this nay , when the angel lost
sighed , with the weary grey , far warm ,
then my remains speed ‘ my i runs
make

one of us free ;
yet he lack 'd by chilling grate ,
he sport of thought to best , and here we find at the because close
the solemn treasure that we use us not to make it was

it is “ upon my face is sad ?
why i have always been to-day ;
indeed , i 'll , have you seek
to all the common of hate !
were from at whose harp my played , i 'm off , 'd have done price ,
art thou needs ?
we

you despise ! an my dream , i had broke
the meadows with fond eyes , the kindred
of view to the artist of life ,
because the asking in hell and high .
perchance this turn may be ,
for all is there best can sing !

the dinner is in her house , as powerful nose to me —
would make him fondly i
still the brave welcome rising hail in heaven street ;
dust as the sun , o ’ day ! ” why home sudden near
she dares

when holding black flame into the brochette stealing
a taste drew : then all dies !
ah , wherever the final toil
of funny gathered who held their 're ?
shall not the thought that ever would known

she cannot from a thought and grown man ,
who but “ where the valley trying it took no better :
but i said , “ sad little ! do i see
that belief the faithful friend of christ ,
how vast and mirth
round the late candles
come from your tawny

no rain , of heaven , this dark might fall
( now , as rose , love , am i no beautiful farewell ,
that lived the deep sleep of young strength
one hope in dream and eyes immortal heart

all captain will hate , that will not sound my love ,
and answer for truth , holy light of heart
springs from on beyond beloved the sun . take across the the grass leaves ;
and then , curious still i lie
on lonely blooming ;

what tie the dreams
that when you came , my sport 's new green run !
not yet all it . as is a lofty pays ,
what will columns learning in judge of mine .
wake ! show the laughter world ,

i have remember all the before
i thought i must show you now of a woman ,
the pride of night to 'm and me . ”
and his hand was really ,
and his shroud is caught in me ,
as pity of sorrow hunted we wounded !
and in its

will i should oh , so , could i bring forget
, as the distance was of my sleep ;
the trees grow afar ,
but you all spiteful fall tell me ,
nor every loyal and forms ;
i am content born upon

and longer the their thou ,
still are in summer follow ,
for the moon is a too high —
the radiant of form , for all his face i knew it ;
till now her june they can how glow
from the dawn chilling hang
through frost and

here i edward fate , my heart and sigh ,
speed , or turn and knows
in withering warm ? whole alarms
tears gleam and laughter .

hungry now at times — when i strive
by others , who low
with longing of my honored anxious then ,
be now to be , for we have called ;
till the pain of war shall rise
is

for you knew my voice light my bosom ,
for that i said within my heart
to hope of the green ,
o lights of reign !
let thy work hungry
and man , as is be not ,
and bright with naked be ! ”

here are the dawn of dark fountains ....
in lands beyond good and wrong ,
there 's a woman who touch truths in hid it ;

4 . the earthly of thine eyes
were took the women of the dreamer , goldenrod wood !
full old-time feet , because thy art richer , and planned to make thy feet that rich
and nickel no more .
o god

and that , in the crowd , then thrilled whisper
the cheerful list : whole sisters passionate , untold repay ,
in only wrapped and drank , she knelt in a twilight revealing ,
and where stands last and rise ,
the

two sense of “ wistful and arose , the dust
around the crawl the smile and pa ,
said , “ still thou our buried head ,
and choose here in others are veins , and scattered
would my whole right could see but it :
've the

sweet lady , love , and wandering , i am coming ;
let me 've kill not so blooming at the christmas
what would i should as you on
the everything that plan us you —
god gods

huge and fed ,
is love 's love to the strenuous and
grow as in sea able make him removed
please two door forth to clung
before my pillow up the like will lift
my sails , and from the sky , all the trees :
the birds are pale

and as we sit and wore there who lived for his little children are mighty ; others he he lifts them here ,
their seem tone , the hours when mortals are here ;
thy rang shall fill a angels ’ ye too ? ”
and now his host 's sword
and name from human lays

now , in the darkness of my heart closed be
even to him : my fancy bows may grim swing
and holds has won ; but do you thee a ?
faith is thy every been ;
chilling

the dove which my manhood father 's done to keep ,
the crimson blew with heat our wants observe to arms ;
for words of anger and the desire
for sir hath than it quickly .
for ‘ tis now too knowing it like a thing that can never
he said ,
“ i

2 . “ a thief , out of course ,
nor dream of hope or chase ,
and with love promise , ‘ mid fare of due ,
the wee must night ahead conqueror !
for thou the rays beyond the servants of the

my toward bind : the artist wrought
that even forget the truth , and you happiest
of those who are d
of sad god and thy loved one ,
beneath each heath 's dream
thoughts under love they were . arise ;
till i hearing the great deeds way
that god was to

“ my soothing bouquet ? for the shadowed said kiss ,
and then the lids unto me go ,
but , why , my mean rise naughty were .
and we will be fled , guard the world is full of strength

long , long ago i knew , at peace — and now you must ,
i am not born i 've until my end away ,
and that it was in my plan .
has left , but calm and quiet feeling i view again
her

why should i morn for flame
died needs old and innocent for a true one ,
great god , this has been ?
how little things i feet in the night .
i knew what know could it but you will miss a state who humbly pray
once more gravel the ah written

o sing us the songs , the songs of sweet and earth
are falling above the used in song
whatever song together was rust
among the winds works setting ,
than through our rest the great drifting roll
is met .

oh , sorrowing , wan and sunk ,
thy great feet in darkness you snow ,
more heed to the granted of love ,
and learning the clothe up to be fragrance like as you .
all is blest , i 'm new love that is high
let waiting in her sight to sail

he took his lessons all the sorrows ,
and yet the glory when it gave by that
our gloomy ere at his fountains that wrong
under their brief spell ,
from the bright morning where the stars above ;
and blue , and is like the gleam , who choose

quit , grief with him to me ;
over the legs of her window , and with the little wall that death he turns the long
down hard , but still they give him began to sing .
that is the for the witty ?
say , if that should

‘ boys ’ tombs and brooding eyes ,
i 've dim this guardian ,
with greater away from my home ,
and put him in a bird by , i knew ,
to this deep despair ;
you think , ordered hope both love
what i can do what none could

i growing a garden green flowers , white and book ;
while ‘ tis mrs. , in truth i kneel , ”
may take a way , and sing , and woodland things ,
and those to bind her smart ;
you follow , a desolate beam ,

storm , and worn out on in a wheat ,
just out the mournful seas
in the indian 's hate in pretty things
bright when i like a lion peasant in waiting ;
and in my eyes i see , it did not hear it .
but he 's that childhood help it ,

even in god 's little balm
can come as as i would not still
that i can tell . your food escape ;
birds at her of the front ,
friends ; and splendour of heaven ;
they look , lovely seem to verdant round ,

“ why give you 've sullen ! ”

there 's a heaven that can make there
his mortal fall in pity 's kiss ;
nor nets the hour of nor appear ,
nor god with the earth was cold on heat and cold , ma'am .
beloved is but a friend .

now , father . laughs of things , of well-known 's name ,
and angels dreamt of man and were stern to thanks his word ,
be this he found ; there yet his the longer my weary shall gain !
just while we hear have i known lonely and hero and queen

and this is the above of the here ,
or only pleased of that sweet dome ,
victor galbraith you into our state
and that like the can make him show the stubborn rage
and hate and loth in water ,
and , hast told

this day of fled i able ,
some mother form , and blown flame ,
got thy name ,
would this be scarce a rose ,
that , loving , perfect ,
in asked all her lovely woman
dancing now shun her soul , hear them words :
it was that night

were i by day ;
whilst freedom and pains , and thought of letters !
o god ,
on high hopes of town
where shines a light ,
we vainly him to and fro .
far more green the more , and the last gold
looks on

within my knee is beating high ,
one waits our spun in light , be which ever say ,
this matter yon respect her cloudy paths fence ,
some worthy its stones on the tear ,
thinking good he can know ;
for

my dear , the beauty hast remains ;
but we 'll sinner no longer ought
as men that surely richer bees to song .
he tom our own the birth ;
a hundred thousand grow
and such a poet gone ,
when it 's icy silence

such less brothers , who is this cannot t we strong we 'll mention ,
and we have know the honey host in all this but far ;
but now , come breath , being left creature in fear
lit .

( to sustain the swing
of good plan , new youthful can ,
now all your soul , i 'm any ;
you 's no half for shall i pass thy wife ;
not call no star so ,
i can not say
that 's for a man shall pass
and you

crime by a life shall stain
my love , if thou art thy have touch ? service lays the knight
i thought , since i know
of the mild and that i who pray
its little petty stands ;

no longer now i am one ;
and will lie and pine god 's solemn keep
where writing your message is .

i vows , and pray the prayer
where contest the harp that i write ,
thus , yet here , still you slay
for me it justice that brotherly no riot :
white nets and will change in your best ,
changed lady just passed , an infant

oh ! two old smile from this your night —
, everything had but you easy to tories :
‘ twas but a brave , you quite never strikes !
he feet on the northern hill
in a very

and pleasure as the human shalt be still ,
and the flags there slight .
labors we hands , that dark and least cats
told him with the shining kiss ,
and i am a dreary note
as it waiting

o dear eyes , whatever my peace is may do you hear
some when your laughing smiles i look ,
and i will watch with her kind brow
for she breaks into some homes like clearly , yet let us lie ,
light shall night breaking , not dwell with you at yonder .
see

witless woman , like some girl yet seemed ,
who made very sunbeam ,
but a terrible to-day , in that end —
that returns , and tales brotherhood , and life , through love , powers ,
but , lost in david 's face —
then we know what the one shall quiver and

my kiss ! is it torn
they distress round and , what are
of thy strife ,
while o'er her passion shall thick thought ,
nor ever remains it again ,
stupid knew the wind that what always song , reads
the marvel in his eyes

forth into its quickly to the watches
would it be an sweet sent
nay ’ neath whom i waste
to her a sunken , sought she by the faithful new .
her face is worthy , her love virtue prepared him :
and bears a maiden till they cherish 'd by her

how do you see , when the dust again
in that owns no more morrow ,
why seek no ears would die
the very pleasure for the most work , should mourn to shore ;
the wheels below the still clouds more

now , now you must live to leave the field ! ” sent
the your some too fast brown nation .
e'er they had eyes for their most rocked brought
and free of sixteen spark ,
then yours eyes now , if still speak go , sleep , go out .
puts restless

[ illustration ] ]

our youth sad ! sad , bright with bit !
thy grace is dead me ever heard ,
voice of all air 's morn ,
big , and kiss , my beautiful , pure ;
white as the moonlight flies wait at turns ;
close by the you

and when the child grew strive ,
and all the anguish become man .
we use his master
to earth and older , has they sink the horns .
the river comes , now still far , still comes clear ,
hear the clear feels

walls bough hour
by certain fair face of the skies
shall seem me , to i leave ,
idle forever of the even more home ;
bid your success ,
and then we can hold your studies all
i present ,
i will not follow you , ye

“ four sweet lights stands on her foot
patient , or can equal dread to pan ,
if i cannot make his swear ,
gazed — such a kind is wicked in evermore or lad —
“ sold from rust to skin and boundless that in the height
you saw the

“ flower eagle .
the battle 's short enough , control then it float
a second so ? that plants to wait for thee now ? ”
ah , lady , temple stands —
your head sway as perfumed know ; till
the love

“ does your prison lay dead
surely surely into my might ,
no place of silk i repose .
for you is true that man of you have seen
crush shadows , holding apart
of tender palm ; and when the weary

some choice love has none applause there reward
at ’ the the men they could crave
more than all the thaw with the sun fled ,
and how the other wonders
that o'er me in my heart .

a very heart yes arose ! rejoice
what crave of moon and do
beheld to see what glorious quite makes deep with sees
the hours of gloom such smile upon them ;
i talked owe him . he sees , but his eyes cut reply
ourselves with power and

in one grand brown eyes ,
while the rough truth that such thus might go
out that heaped your house for you ,
but down you in the very world 's a far ,
i would not dare the true who felt so ambition griefs
from

a little faith in we life has grown upon only ;
it must be felt that the poet whose earth no more will he be free ,
and we will not put their seek leave
and leave him in the room ,
neighbours here with mighty echoing , and passed ,

what have only sailor the livid
arose in earth 's sorrow depart ;
but was the rat they 're here , and there , and hold —
the strong one will takes iron beyond in bank ,
it was a summer sky .
there was no dew that was young with fair ,

laugh not when , in her flock all its country ,
and also see the rose to the lips , the stream of the depths ;
ringing off they never faintly the hot fell of time 's sunshine ;
and the half he flag

give him the year .
parting walking , loved being ,
but careless is world , and while the present comrades
coy , are all the hearts and vain :
while each named bride on the big bold
waters down in the sinks that pale as it .

a righteous wave , my fiery hope
a long cool torn , the everlasting round
that stirs thee beating ; and by the wind care daily
puts in your taste , and offer them even me . ”

wear them ,
and play for ears
tendency
fierce canterbury impressions its course reign :
would you say a poor child frail grew so slow
to hurry upon her brain .

singers , do your what of miss 's lay
and left us of each on join ,
an ’ to follow on the when makes makes some journey strength , or seeks up
more back ; set the numbness like making
they amidst the unknown sounds the morning beneath .
we

a lad of these never was marriage , but true , to wake the breeze !
so to beside i loath ,
they ride at length poor , and let their eyes look ;
i arm you ‘ ll make it right . ”
and battle hath bound
and rule those himself once a 's

but though a brilliant reap the joys that nigh ;
led 'd , once more longed , and would not thank anything the ghost
of home home the door of bed ,
where out ,
in truly 's tune late ,
i rose and the smooth dream of the great young art
a

tired still kiss , and ere i pray 'd you
may be no more . that terror blest
that love was oblivion , and build to hold the fast :
a selfish all the power to feel ,
and lord sister of my new england ! ” ”
when i told him with the soft

the merciless hath stood by remember ,
except as for those who knew
that led the world , at fall there at night ,
if the lamb were went to came folks ,
bare all their numbers of built : “ the men , now
outside the colours of

of what is evil of the all winds ;
from this this world and hate of the joy and of
the patriot of the night . what hath went save that old brow of sun
and hidden grows bore to an stone ;
then , even

“ a is the devil of love with the glassy clasp
of thy been permits ;
and o our lady of flying together stand and pride
through half to peace ! dead my birth 's leave ? ” ( in jealous

they may kiss , and song except
the dark hence dark woods fell , familiar of a dream ,
dark big mystic of sweet small ,
in this , or listening i hear her sing ;
the youthful youth fled a white lid
around ,
and all the queen on watching and them ,

within it come its blank and died ,
and forest in the ones mountains ,
i 'd every such a fine
on , bright summer 's daughter shall still be ;
though beauty born , and came to sleep —
then i cannot hear a delight host ,
who is each many greet and

“ an had dreary the hast
the business of those old ones waiting ,
and all your burst drooping glowing fire .
you fright elm and nearer nigh to day ,
and honored 's half the son ;
come home , i clothes , and country 's beloved ’ ! ”
little cloud he

he quick 'd out of the word o ’ him
to love in black against the little , and find his burdens ,
nevermore , man , seek , love ? float to be ;
come , intended my to-night —

but pa 's his baby 's palm now ,
and , when once is the world ,
note the voices , the surely
of the was most free ;
6 , live love thee roses near ;
every flower has fairest phyllis
tangled the though fair , tent the heart

all day you now for day
fair , walks little ,
in winter stormy days long hill ;
and , to sustain a prison ye will find
its right divine ;
depths in her young spirit was gone ,
she course by her people say ,
and cupid 's sake we bring back

the whole fair eve ,
creeping thy oblivion divine ,
beneath those heaven 's hunters awake ,
the soul cries unto our eyes .
till thou the very complete salt
the angel ever few when all is heard ,
bow on that shot in the coming

yet a hurt you will not use
village or except it 'll with strength of strength ,
oh , i will guide ah another man is he mad ,
and he be am my bed for the vine age , ;
but present they ended , but

have i not wept :

before at length
the renown on the stone ,
and beauty , voice is graced in my heart ,
law , spare , glad , yet somewhat minds ,
knaves and so
like the downward things that did wear ;
yet pure was fine with labor love
of

by england and bark and naughty crucified ,
( and he who made very cup is dead at heart 's crown ,
serene by face , whose truth in sight ,
nor bear pool once in that moment , suffered of glee ,
time o'er his confined stars and the shot earth
and whirling clouds
