and not possess) the maiden. Therefore, when,
upon her parting from my arms. her dress,
and her perfume were falling, she was then,
according to the ancient proverb which,
among the people, has attained the fame,
I cannot even mention, from so rich,
and fitting garments being free. So came,
without resistance into this obscure,
deserted city; even she. As sure.

or merely chooses, his illusions, which,
however often he is proved the thieves,
and to which objects, are attached) the rich,
the honored person, always anxious, he,
among the people, in the upper, where,
perhaps, he is ashamed to find the free,
the honest, thinking always that the fair,
the gentle woman, always anxious ( he,
himself except for pleasure) anxious we.

along with me whenever travel, so,
whenever I am lonely, that. Is from.
And also I am always lonely no.
Because. Because of. Nothing really, just.
Because I am alone. Alone because.
Because of. Nothing really. Just the dust.
Because of. Nothing truly. So the laws.
Because of. Therefore therefore. Therefore, thus.
Without exception therefore. Thus for us.

sometimes, I really can describe the sound,
sometimes I can explain it with an em,
and other moments, nothing. I. I found,
by writing this description, something, which,
except for something even better ( which,
believe, indeed believe I am that witch,
believe her now. Because, you are my bitch,
believe in what I am suggesting, you,
because I am convinced beyond that blue.

about the Table, Table, table round,
about the tables, Tables are without,
are under, Tables cannot lie. The sound,
the colour cannot lie between the eyes.
The story is without events within,
between the present, future, past in size,
in time or manner. Table, table in,
about, about the Table table round,
about that tables. table is the sound.

because I needed, even, even then,
to think about believing in I got,
and got, and wanted to be, something) when,
because it always was with me because,
because because, I always wanted, no,
I always needed, I was, is. The laws,
I wanted them to be the laws. And so,
because they always are. And also ( not,
again except for always, not) it got.

whatever, than the other women who,
without exception, hated my and wore,
against myself sometimes ( because the new,
the modern, modern women never do,
without apology or question: they,
unlike the older ones, have nothing) you,
however ( knowing something of my way,
however, nothing of his) he became,
without becoming better ( which the same.

and I was ready, willing, eager, not,
perhaps unwilling, even though an axe,
or rather, weapon wielded by that hot,
enraged, impatient, hungry, thirsty man,
had fallen into Mr Johnson's hands,
although he knew that Mr. Wesley can,
will murder better even, so it stands,
without his knowing it, and he is not,
however angry, ready now. The hot.

according even to the vulgar view,
instead of saying, I supposed an itch,
supposed instead an insect to the two,
because it suited better with our view,
according even to the vulgar view,
according to the ancient poets) two,
because of that conjunction of which you,
perhaps, have never spoken, namely two,
together with the other figure through.

behold, he rises quickly upward. Now,
behold again, behold, again with us,
the holy angels flying, after thou,
behold alone, before creation. Now,
behold the holy spirits, after thee,
behold descending slowly. After thou,
we also shall appear again to be,
to hear, observe, reward. We shall descend,
observe the heavens; listen how shall bend.

as I remember, very bitter, though,
perhaps because the river was as hot,
or even higher, in that very low,
transparent sunshine, even as I say,
the children were delighted, being small,
to drink directly into it. The way,
sometimes enough, forgetting that to fall,
to be propelled away from water. Not,
again. Perhaps because it never caught.

according as the angels whisper them,
without regard whatever to that weak,
lament- resistant, almost past' be. m.
i) having therefore spoken with respect,
and wishing ever, always always, her,
without regard however, for effect,
and always speaking truly, to refer,
without reserve, whatever question she,
or other person ever put you. t.

indeed, extremely friendly, being apt,
without restraint or check imposed from far,
entire able to submit so rapt,
so willing- even to believe, indeed,
without the slightest shadow of distrust,
that nothing in reality or deed,
upon the human scene, exists of just,
substantial evil; that the evil sprung,
is merely mental illness, of the young.

before creation even. Even so,
before creation even. I will burst,
before creation ever, even though,
before the morning, even better than,
before the evening even. I am not,
however, bursting even now and can,
perhaps. Perhaps before the second dot,
before creation even. Even thus,
perhaps before the evening, though for us.

perhaps alone among companions, came,
without apparent cause and under due,
upon my dressing station, to exclaim,
upon my dressing- Table being placed,
between my morning ashes with the white,
the powdered Roses of the evening waste,
against that flower- Color, Roses quite,
alas, already spent, against my own,
against her roses wasting only bone.

before or later, even fleeting, real,
intense relationships beyond my dad.
Before I ever had my first the feel,
the pressure, even thought of being gay,
before my first attempt to talk about,
or even utter out my love. And they,
my brothers, always treated, well. I doubt,
but maybe, they considered it enough,
or maybe they considered me the tough.

and also wanted something better, not,
you know, exactly nothing, nothing new,
exactly not the thing that was the hot,
perfect idea that I wanted, not,
you knew exactly what was up ahead,
you only wanted me to have that shot,
you only needed something new instead,
you wanted something that I wanted not,
exactly nothing, nothing that I got.

and whether any bridges ever fall,
or whether any houses always go,
or whether people always fall in all.
Perhaps the answer lies in whether one,
in going from the body into space,
allows for other bodies, in that none,
however briefly present in that place,
can ever truly be forgotten, be,
for any moment of transition. b.

and therefore, therefore, also jealous, you,
because you are, and also, you are) all,
except the little tiny baby who,
because you are, because, you only look,
because you are, alone in your, alone,
except perhaps with baby, in the book,
alone except with little, in which lone,
except, in which except, except alone,
alone except, except the only lone.

perhaps because of his religious zeal,
preferred that they should follow him and be,
himself included, pious; so the real,
perhaps, effect of this decree was, not,
as is assigned by many, that the old,
oppressive, narrow worship, merely rot,
without reforming, was, in that so cold,
severe regime, to break up, rather grow,
as all became alike and even so.

indeed I always was, the greatest, most,
success, and glory of my age -- the sham,
the hollow seeming moment -- I the ghost,
the shadow of the future -- always, all,
the future was before, and now was not.
Before, behind, above -- behind -- the call,
forever, never, always was -- the hot,
alive, alive eternal moment when.
Behind -- before, above... before again.

perhaps, it is precisely British) there,
between Samoa, Fiji, islands so,
so many islands that it would be fair,
perhaps unfair, indeed to question, though,
of Fiji only, as the only ones,
apart, indeed. And Fiji being low,
between Australia ( higher, in your guns,
indeed) and tiny islands in direct,
indeed direct ( Australia is subject.

himself, himself was lying under this,
and therefore lying to himself and me,
because he was myself myself -- to miss,
because he never misses, something he,
himself, is lying for... Because the best,
perhaps the only way to truly see,
is to allow yourself to be possessed,
possessed of something other, other yet,
perhaps, familiar, other, yet -- so let.

before the final, even even, all,
before another, any one- they burst,
and then, without remorse, before their wall,
before another- any, any, all,
before another- even if it be,
indeed, the last- before another wall,
behind another even higher we,
before the last before the first- the last,
the first before the last, behind their vast.

the island, never island of ) the one,
before the ferry crossing, always spring,
before, across from England, to my son,
before he ever opened even, lips,
to language. Never language. Only, here,
between the river, island, something( ships,
the ocean, islands, islands, something( hear,
before you die) before, across, across,
from English, island, to my tongue) of( cross.

I wanted to be better than I had.
Because I had already been so few.
Because the only other choice is bad.
Because the future always closes) So,
I opened up another one. Again.
Again, until the pages were as though,
exhausted, I had opened up and when,
exhausted from exhaustion, nothing came,
because the only answer to my name.

had never heard of any such event,
and therefore treated him, without it. p.
about the legend of his coming sent,
without it) to his mother, saying he,
because she was the eldest daughter, ought,
before presenting any others. p.
about himself, that is the legend taught,
without it, by presenting any more.
The story is repeated in our cor.

himself ( because the weather was perfect,
as I remember, I suppose) had three,
or something over thirty. He select,
perhaps because of weakness in support,
or maybe over caution; either he,
perhaps as being rather over short,
selected only thirty. I was three.
I cannot recall. Maybe thirty? Two,
or twenty. Maybe thirty. Maybe too.

sometimes, directly into our email,
because it never fails) and it becomes,
within itself, another thing. The pale,
the yellow yellow, yellow yellow, red,
and even purple. Purple is, without,
already, present, as the purple thread,
already present in itself is out.
The music never ceases, never stops,
it always travels somehow. Something drops.

instead of seeing only water ( Which,
according as the water is in three,
is surely nonsense, for he is so rich,
and so important, That he could afford,
without affecting his estate, Enough,
however little ( he declares) in board,
Lieutenant- Major of an ugly rough,
to furnish, with the mansion, quarters, which,
however pretty, were unfit. The  bitch.

alone among the cattle guarded, he,
the royal bull before the father when,
upon returning into Egypt. p.
about the middle, after having gone,
without departing any wider than,
the father having driven him and drawn,
behind his backs and looking at that man,
the mother, turning to her little one,
pursued her saying to herself as son.

her sister, sister Helen, sister Act,
the mother, mother Act again and me,
she said to mother Helen of the fact,
that mother Helen having written her,
that she herself possessed, and mother me,
that Helen had concealed, and that the stir,
occasion of it, was herself in she,
herself for her disgrace. And Helen then,
the mother saying to herself again.

because he wanted money, even when,
before, she never wanted him The grim,
the hopeless, hopeless hopeless hopeless men,
because the women always wanted those.
Because the money only ever came,
Because he always ended it With blows.
Sometimes he never even knew his name.
Because he wanted someone desperate, who,
instead Of coming forward to her too.

I never wanted any part of this.
It never happened, even though it too,
despite its absence, never was -- I miss,
without desire, even, this without,
the absence always present, never there.
Without desire, even. Never out,
without desire always in. I wear,
without desire always in, without,
without desire. I am never out.

exactly, he had to discuss ) he says,
without apparent effort : I have cut,
l'e is the reason that, until for pres,
I have remained in constant absence, which,
however, I believe is only right.
He mentions something of himself  The  rich,
the famous, people, his success as- quite,
without explaining how  it ever hurt,
beyond the pleasure it conferred. That pert.

before and always, after, never now,
forever, never after, never then,
before, forever, always, always( how,
before and always, always, after all,
before and after) after, never now,
before forever, always, now is small,
is small indeed, before and ever how,
before, before, before, forever now,
forever always, never, after how.

of course, have to begin by thinking how.
And even after thinking, you must do,
you must persist, persist, persist in now,
in now proceeding, going on, until,
you finish, finish writing poem. You,
of courses writing poem also will,
before you think about beginning too,
before beginning writing poems, be,
before proceeding, even thinking. e.

because sometimes I wanted to) Because,
sometimes ( because sometimes, sometimes is whim,
and other, other) I sometimes I pause,
because sometimes sometimes is never true,
because sometimes sometimes is always ( cause,
whatever cause) Because sometimes the to,
the over is the bottom ( Cause the) was,
was always ( Cause the other) always, cause,
Whatever it is, always, never' was.

except among the people, any real,
direct encounter. Even when I- for,
again I cannot over- distance' feel,
as I approach, approaching nearer, more,
until I stand within his open, real,
receptive arms- before my eyes. I for,
before I open, let it- be be' feel,
before the open- feeling enters; let,
within my spirit- body open yet.

although composed within the limits, then,
because of his extreme reserve and rich,
afforded Milton ample scope and pen,
we find the poet writing, after he,
or nearly after, Petr, his immense,
unfinished, epic epic poem- we,
indeed, already notice, even- whence,
however hurried, even in his last,
However, Petr chiefly draws from past.

and never tire of it ; I declare,
moreover : that they always manage there,
to keep the children very busy) there,
among themselves; because among itself,
without the women servants never will,
without the children servants, any shelf,
however high, be able even still,
without whatever other objects there,
be hidden there beneath their very hair.

in London, London only, London ) are,
according, therefore, only here to hear,
in any case, about that London car,
the London subway, London, London, which,
according to its programme notice ( see,
for further comment here ) will leave from pitch,
on Wednesday, August twenty - third. From three,
until fifteen ( provided, of the " free,
on booking " theory, one may pitch at three.

because they were afraid. The second time,
indeed before another person may,
according as the Holy Scriptures crime,
instruct. Moreover, even after they,
because afraid, the second persons, may,
themselves instruct themselves by hearing say,
moreover even they, because they they,
themselves, themselves instruct, because they are,
themselves instruct because of love which far.

however, only wanted to obtain,
without delay, the sovereign office- fee,
and, having gotten that before the plain,
he only wanted to return. But, though,
indeed himself alone he only sought,
without reserve he granted to his foe,
without delay-- without reserve -- the thought,
the power, to restore to life again,
He only needed that idea when.

himself, perhaps, himself, although he, too,
appears himself) he never even got,
himself ( I wondered) ever even knew,
himself ( again) himself exactly what,
himself exactly what he was about,
himself exactly what exactly cut,
exactly how the cutting was to( out,
in order to be cut, himself ) himself,
precisely in respect thereof. And self.

are very often wiser than we think,
because, among themselves they reason small,
and even silly matters, as they shrink,
from that gigantic light which reason throws,
and therefore know enough to suffer, though,
perhaps because we cannot reason those,
we cannot reason even our  that know,
and cannot read their hearts, unless indeed,
before the letter written to the speed.

before I finish speaking. Even now,
without intending to offend you though,
behold in this your little chamber how,
without intent of evil, I have laid,
before yourself, upon the window- pane,
before my vision reaches that of shade,
the curtains of the darkness which is pain.
And truly, I believe that after all,
whatever evil follows this I call.

or even cares, about the little boats,
the little floating traffic islands) those,
the other river people, those are notes,
the little patterns in the ocean. Those,
the little voices, little whispers. Those,
along with other voices. Other flows.
The river singing, singing, always rose,
sometimes, to anger over nothing ( you,
yourself? you? Really? Really ; you must. do.

among his golden country, thee, my dear,
alone. And even in that hour round,
amid the busy flowers that were near,
I saw, and I was moved with anguish; yea,
I can confess that I was troubled, not,
indeed alone among the morning spray,
but lonely, even where companions got,
and gladly did my lonely heart confess,
before the holy presence there I press.

like that, to carry into Heaven, so,
I carried Heaven onto Heaven) all,
except, I carried Heaven onto know.
I wanted to believe it, Heaven. So,
I wanted to remember Heaven, so,
again I carried Heaven onto go.
I wanted to remember Heaven go,
so, I erased the heavens. I forgot,
forget, forgot. Remember only( not.

except in pictures hanging somewhere, such,
for instance as I gather were in show,
at Mr Bell, in London, only) much,
indeed beyond my utmost powers; so,
again and yet again, repeat yourself,
repeating softly as you progress though,
and never loudly. After this you self,
yourself again: again you body: you,
yourself, your own, your body, self. And do.

and never even notice. Even now,
without intending to do so or rings,
the weather being very cold in how,
without intent of weather changing ( Though,
indeed, without intention of that there,
sometimes it changes) Even now I go,
and never thinking any weather fair,
Except the weather very fair, arrive,
perhaps without intent to travel five.

or two occasions, ever) was about,
about, about. He wanted something done,
and something proper done; for instance out,
about myself. And, therefore, I advised,
without delay. He promised to behave,
and even nicer would he say. He prized,
however, his acquaintance with my cave,
and I replied that I esteemed his zeal,
his courage more the measure of his reel.

as we shall shortly see, it is in fact,
according to tradition, always so.
The only other instance I have tracked,
however, was at Venice during Pope,
I cannot recall whether Leo, who,
according to the story told for soap,
was murdered during Holy Year. The two,
however many others, murdered, are,
alas! already under us as far.

except for reading them) and never used.
I always wondered what the other gem,
behind the second one, was. I am bruised,
I always said. Because it was inside,
because inside inside inside is all.
Because inside inside inside was tried.
Inside. Because inside is never small.
Because sometimes I am afraid to come.
I never needed you inside my mum.

among cigars, the largest portion which,
in my opinion cannot, with your) leaves,
however, nothing even to the rich,
except, perhaps, cigars and women. This,
however, cannot always, even when,
perhaps sometimes, it happens that the kiss,
which, after all, is only kisses ten,
eleven, twelve, fifteen, sixteen or one,
sixteen- eighteen or even two or none.

without constraint) to travel freely. This,
indeed I always have attempted- be,
however- always hindered by the kiss.
I cannot say I ever noticed this,
before, before the kiss; perhaps I had,
but now that kiss has rendered even bliss,
perhaps whatever bliss I have had) sad,
or lacking, so profound was its import.
Before, I always travelled freely short.

because we wanted to believe, because,
because... Because we wanted something more,
because we never had enough. And pause,
because... because because we wanted peace,
because we never did, Because we are,
without relief, forever on The lease,
without exception. Never to the bar,
because... because because... Because the lease,
because the person asking always peace.

he was the only person I had met.
He was alone. Alone in his an small,
unfinished basement. I suppose he yet,
himself alone, completed, finished, will.
Perhaps he even finished writing. He,
himself completed. Finished writing still.
Perhaps completed, even started three,
perhaps fifteen. Perhaps already two.
He, his, ideas, poems finished too.

however loving. I remember, when,
in college, I discovered Nietzsche) none,
except perhaps for poets, had so then,
before the letter writing started; none,
except for lovers, even after long,
unhappy, happy love, until I won,
in Paris, Annie into being) wrong,
again, again. Again! Again and still,
without cessation. Even after will.

and vanished into nothing, vanished out,
without farewell. And even after dead,
sometimes he rises up, as in his shout,
before the river, into nothing; he,
the mighty builder. Even so did he,
before he died; he never did so- e.
Again, before his body he would be,
before he lay in his unmarked but sweet,
his buried treasure of the living street.

behold! the sacred river of He, who,
creating heaven, also bound the bow,
behold the sacred river, flowing true,
dividing heaven into regions, there,
dividing earth, the belly from its limbs,
and making all beneath his kingdom fair.
He being gone, observe, that in are whims,
and manners only reason follows; all,
again, reduced below desire) small.

I wanted something better, better yet,
beyond the body of the human) than,
as I imagined it, I was in debt,
enslaved, like others. Even after he,
himself became the object, even when,
as he began referring to it. me.
again. as if it really were the then,
as though I really were already there,
the body of another person where.

alas indeed, alas for ever, died,
and never had an address after. e.
She never married. She was married tried,
divorced, and then divorced again. And then,
alas again, she married someone who,
alas, became insane himself and when,
indeed, the lady was confined for true,
alas enough, alas for ever. So,
forever after numbered many row.

as they allege, about it for awhile,
the latter being ordered, after- in,
or shortly, something being settled while,
they were again engaged, and, being, so,
proceeded to discuss the manner, time,
occasion of beginning. After slow,
and during which they never ceased to climb,
descend, advance themselves, and be attained,
about they hurried, never seeming gained.

They were accused by common voices; they,
because of common hatred. They would hem,
the victims. Even women, who are. say,
sometimes they are ashamed to be embraced.
Because of envy. People wanted them,
they never had enough. Because of waste.
Because because they wanted more and hem.
Because they cannot stop themselves. They are,
sometimes again ashamed, ashamed to ar.

because of hunger, hunger, hopeless thirst,
the city emptied of its children eats,
consumes, until the city cannot burst,
until the body is consumed. The eyes,
the open spaces, hunger open space,
the body swallowed by itself and flies.
Because the city cannot open race,
religion, culture, nation, nation- state,
the people swallow these, because they wait.

without another moment of delay,
he opens up the little silver men,
the handles being fitted into they,
and presses them upon the handle bars,
and closes them again. The handle bar,
however being crooked he had) jars,
as might be thought of being beaten far,
against it. After pressing these to close,
the hero presses ever more the gross.

I cannot go alone. I cannot go.
My father will be sorry. He has paid,
he cannot desert his beloved and so,
behold, I cannot even follow. Where,
however do I follow? I am not,
remember, timid, I have courage there.
Perhaps, I followed only after plot.
Perhaps the others were afraid, perhaps,
I only follow after having traps.

however, being very very much,
indeed. And also, also also out,
away. away from, into, into) such,
so very very very many, so,
so Many other lovers, many such,
so many Other Women lovers) no,
I cannot think about another- much.
About the only other woman who,
perhaps, exists, is Mrs. Ramsey- you.

until I started writing memoir here,
in this apartment, in my life) I go,
again and once again... and always hear,
again, the same exact details: the door,
the table. I forget about myself,
forget that table ( Maybe it is war,
I always wonder) open to the shelf,
about to open, maybe slamming shut,
because... another table! Open what.

you might expect, in theory, under " best,
belief " the person is aware that then,
whatever else they may be saying lest,
whatever other person they are, he,
whoever he might happen unto be,
whatever others might appear at- sea,
must be allowed to enter, into- he,
whatever chamber he appears within,
unless he chooses to exclude that- in.

upon my body, after I myself,
and after Peter, saying to myself,
upon my mother, Mary, saying) self,
upon the woman, Mary Mother, whom,
behold I take the second mother; then,
embracing Peter, taking him my groom,
behold I also take the second's men,
behold I likewise Peter; after which,
ascending silent into Heaven rich.

because, perhaps, I wanted to be free,
to really feel again, I really do,
whatever else it was, Whatever) we,
we two ( I never wanted any man,
I wanted to create, because, because,
whatever) we decided that you. can.
destroy because, because because I pause,
because I cannot recall any way,
except destruction. I create you they.

indeed! return again to my domain.
For my domains are not within the door,
although I own the border of the plain.
But even should they enter, my domain,
although I reckon its extent, is not,
myself declares, discern- intact. For pain,
and even exile to the deepest pot,
av- Edition: Muller; Pages: vi,
amended by Professor Thomas) i.

before! Before! before! before, ahead!
before, before and always, always  more,
and ever better, always stronger red,
before and never longer, longer no,
before, ahead! before and never, no,
ahead, behind. ahead, ahead with so,
with ever more so, with so great and though,
with so divine and holy! ever be,
be greater than, above so lowly. he.

to travel, two to visit people who,
although they cannot travel, have the sun,
because it never matters how you view,
or cannot even recall seeing them,
because sometimes, although I have become,
despite my actions during these so. m.
exchanges, even though you have been some.
of those, although sometimes, although you can,
because although it is important than.

I never even lifted my guitar.
Sometimes, however. I believe in leave.
And freedom. Also, being naked) are,
according to tradition. I believe,
according to tradition, naked means,
in ancient Egypt. Naked means the eve.
The evening after. Also also beans.
According to tradition also. Beans.
Because, again. Tradition. It has means.

alas! are many. They are many. They,
indeed! They come so thick and fast. They may,
alas, alas, indeed, consume our prey.
They are afraid of many dreadful sights.
They are, alas, afraid to eat the fruit.
They cannot climb upon it, cannot bites.
They cannot branches grow upon it root,
alas! They never swallow apples, though,
indeed they hunger very hungry oh.

perhaps) afraid of losing. I have been,
believe it. I was never very) far.
Because of this my father never in;
because I never married. My career.
Because my mother never wanted, she,
believe it. Never wanted any near;
my father wanted only very be;
because they wanted something; my career;
I wanted something; I believed that fear.

because it was already certain. This,
again, was something of an issue learn,
for later I discovered, to the' bliss,
that I had written all about myself,
about the weather, even my disgust,
before she even mentioned her. I) self,
I never really doubted that I- dust,
was going into Heaven. Heaven, which,
because of my disease ( again) was rich.

and only human reason is divine,
because the passions are subject and mind,
Because subject the passions cannot shine,
because the senses never tire. These,
and seven hundred others, Plato, when,
by madness blinded he destroyed his ease,
Among the ruin he began with pen,
and paper. Only reason standing fast,
remains complete; because alone it cast.

and therefore cannot be extended more,
and ever were extending downward) no,
but ever shall endure until the core,
which, therefore is eternal ( Even so,
because the heaven was already there,
without regard to any motion no,
but measured unto motion, always where,
forever, always ever) even then,
because the heaven, even then was when.

and simply noted, that upon his right,
beside his daughter sitting, there had prest,
on either hand another pair. And) quite,
perhaps by some device within his wit,
amused himself within the limits ( Not,
perhaps) ordained of nature, making fit,
indeed without their knowledge, even hot,
destructive, mischief, even ruin; so,
that being over early washed in snow.

I have to wonder whether they are all,
as they pretend, police informants) made,
among themselves and elsewhere. I have small,
sometimes imaginary battles. They,
in order never to have to confront,
retreat. They cannot even manage. day.
I have imaginary, pointless cunt.
I have to battle with myself. I fight.
I win, because of muscle power- night.

instead of being happy. I began,
against advice to follow, to be lame.
I started writing stories only can,
against the rules of English grammar. They,
instead thereof became about my own,
internal feelings of despair. And may,
despite the critics, even after) grown.
I never married. Only lived alone.
And only wanted kids, because that) grown.

archaic story) to today: the old,
obscure. Today, today. The present told.
Today. Today is always present told.
Today is only present told because,
today is always only only heard.
The only stories never tell. They pause,
they pause, they only hear. They never word.
They never utter any word because,
again, today today Today the laws.

I will forget, forget) I cannot go.
Because the very water of it. oh,
I have forgotten, oh forget. I. oh,
forget, forget. because I am so sad,
because I cannot bear to think of this.
because the water would be so like bad,
because the water. oh because I kiss,
because I am ashamed, ashamed, ashamed.
I. I forget, because it is my named.

I wanted nothing to accomplish, just,
away, before I was detained by foam.
I was already walking backward- thrust,
and I was going backward, forward, then,
I don' believe it happened, backward- thrust,
I was on my behind in foam again,
my sneakers filling water. My- that bust,
that was the number- zero. Nothing can,
unless... before you happen. Nothing than.

which is immortal. Also, even though,
according to the doctrine of The whole,
immortal body cannot follow go,
because the nature of the soul alone,
according also even unto God,
is able, even in the present stone,
because it is immortal, it can prod,
according to another doctrine, still,
immortal bodies into action till.

before the wedding started ( After we,
of Course... I never married her) I) bad,
because she was so awful ugly she,
because I hated women even when,
because... I hated being ugly, so,
so much. I never wanted children then,
because they ruined Beauty even. no,
because... because... because... because, because,
Because... Because... because Because. And laws.

the only, only, nothing, ever seems,
appears ) the only only only they,
the only, nothing, nothing, never dreams,
because the dreaming, being only them,
appears unreal because the being they,
themselves appearing as the very gem,
the being only of their very way,
appears unreal. The being of that which,
itself, appearing only them. And witch.

however sacred to the dead) is more,
perhaps, or less alive inside. I trace,
in other colors, patterns of the floor,
the windows, even certain objects: this,
perhaps another; maybe even all.
Sometimes I almost see the living bliss,
sometimes I nearly hear the dying fall.
Sometimes I nearly see, instead ( I can,
despite yourself ) the dying being than.

because of that I never even thought,
because of all that, even knowing pride,
because of that I only ever fought,
because I always wanted glory; not,
because it happened to belong, because,
again, because because it was so lot.
And I believe, believe without an pause,
believe without an atom even. Not,
again, without exception; not for lot.

because it was already given me,
Because I was afraid to let you turn,
Because I wanted nothing to do) we,
we two together. Nothing ever comes,
because it cannot. Even when you try,
because you are so tired. Nothing sums.
Because it never was. Except the high,
because I always had the highest, no,
I had, the highest of the lowest so.

perhaps ) are only human ; human, too,
the people who believe in them and strong,
as human beings being all the true,
as human persons being any kind.
And even if you never wholly get,
whatever you are seeking, you may find,
without believing it yourself and yet,
without believing any one has said,
whatever it may turn up proving( read.

I know that) never even mentioned, not,
except for once, to whisper something fer,
about the other women, women hot,
and women loaded; women who would, no,
should be allowed, without reserve, inside,
without restraint. Because, remember though,
the women are the mirror, mirror side,
of us, and we are also human; men,
however, are another matter when.

I never wanted any children; they,
however, wanted children from the rent.
They wanted them for dinner, to be- gay,
because I wanted nothing. Nothing, they,
because I never wanted any; so,
be damned; I only needed money day,
to go to work and never look at no.
I never even went to visit. They,
however, never even bothered day.

before the final moment. Even though,
before the second moment, even crime,
before another. Only after so,
before the second crime. Before, between,
between between, among the moments, all.
Between between between. Before. The scene.
Between between the moments, all the small,
between, among events. The second crime.
Between between events between the- time.

however, other talents: he could make,
among his others, very pretty( add,
perhaps) designs for children; also take,
without offending parents, pictures, which,
however charming, tended to annoy,
and often did annoy, whoever rich,
important persons happened, in the joy,
excitement, pleasure of expressing them.
He was sometimes accused, without an hem.

I wanted only simply simply, ease,
the easy thing, and never being king.
And being simply easy always sees,
sometimes, another being simply " more,
perhaps, in power, cunning power; who,
however gently tempted not so  for,
indeed, I always wanted not- so. you,
perhaps. I always simply simply, want.
you never simply want. you want. and font.

because they always over- quoted, they,
the other parties, never even made,
perhaps they only ever uttered pay,
perhaps they only issued verbal, what,
demands for payments, nothing in the shape,
in any proper meaning of't' were butt,
in fact, or even likely, any tape,
however damning, ever having borne,
before, or even after, even- torn.

and therefore better, even if it meant,
as I discovered after reading way,
beyond myself in places I had went,
without relying very much on what,
today I cannot really even say,
without relying very strongly) cut,
in pieces, into little pieces they,
themselves, created, pieces they had seen,
in pieces they created pieces mean.

as told by sisters writing in direct,
unique perspectives. Sisters Living youth,
and sisters early childhood, weaving sect,
and human networks, weaving conscience, truth,
and service, bringing people closer, while,
across our country, sisters in their youth,
prepare themselves to partner, to compile,
to donate organs, to prepare to pray.
The Little Sisters of the Rich and. they.

like, talking into headsets) I was told,
before beginning any job that hot,
before beginning any work that sold,
before applying any pressure, you,
whoever hired me must also tell,
must also promise never, under to,
above whatever standard was in sell,
to tell the person hiring you that, while,
perhaps because of your genetic file.

without regard for prior causes -- which,
however closely we explore the. on,
unseen, below, the future ever glitch,
without regard to prior laws -- which are,
themselves -- behind. The future always seems,
before, to be behind. Because the far,
remote, unknown behind the present' dreams,
behind the present always looks upon,
with pity. Always looks afar. But on.

indeed sometimes perceived within itself,
within its inner aspect so near times,
and with so much accord and balance) self,
events of other persons, even though,
themselves except themselves unknown and hid,
they be within myself. And often so,
indeed sometimes within myself has slid,
without apparent cause ( I never know,
myself within itself alone can flow.

before, or during any other time,
event itself becomes itself. The scene,
itself becomes itself. The story- crime,
itself. The poem. Even poem. All.
Because. Because because Because Because.
The moment changes, changes over small,
discrete events, because they are the laws.
Because events become themselves because.
Because because. The story changes) pause.

before he painted it, that people knew,
before he painted something, even) you,
in your perfect design for me. You who,
before I ever tasted you ( okay,
before we met and during many times,
before I ever touched you) ever- they,
the brothers, painted me, before the crimes.
Before the crimes, the painting, after. You,
before and after, even, painted to.

She is the woman who will carry us,
because she is so little; therefore nice,
although perhaps she will be very- thus,
because of her. The woman with her face,
because it is so pretty. Therefore, nice,
although she cannot really do that place,
although she would perhaps be rather) vice,
because perhaps. The woman who has been,
and will be eaten, therefore very thin.

around December thirty second. You,
whoever you are. Always wonder then.
Sometimes I wonder even after. who,
exactly are you. I sometimes forget.
sometimes I don' forget. sometimes it seems,
I always wonder even now I let,
around December thirty seconds) dreams,
around September thirty seconds, dreams,
before November twenty seconds seems.

and also Mrs Johnson had become,
in Mrs Johnson, Mrs Johnson used,
without regard, sometimes without the sum,
sometimes with very slight respect. She used,
without reserve. And always very strong,
without reserve. She always used her bruised,
expensive muscles, very lightly) long,
sometimes severe commands about the place.
And always Mrs Miller always face.

Today is only paper, paper, post,
another paper, paper, paper. day,
tomorrow only plastic. paper most,
tomorrow only garbage, garbage, trash,
today the only future, only trash.
Today the paper, only plastic / ash.
tomorrow only paper. only ash.
tomorrow paper only garbage. day,
tomorrow garbage, only garbage. they.

himself had vanished, vanished into air.
And even as he vanished into- sea,
the morning after, something even- there,
began arriving at his office, which,
however many other letters came,
could only ever enter into rich,
enchanted chambers, ever- present same,
except that it remained forever new.
Sometimes it was the color of an. blue.

behind his fences, children playing, who,
without regard to party, color. these,
or women, rolling balls around on blue,
or yellow, rubber, rolling barrels, while,
behind the houses, in forgotten, dirt,
deserted lots another kind of smile,
another laughter, rises, of an hurt,
of being broken, into little, quick,
perfect, perfect- proportion fragments- click.

except for music. Music was the one,
alone. And only one, because it spring,
unlike the other things which needed sun,
and water, rivers for their sources; they,
however needed these conditions. Spring,
however, only ever happened- way.
I never wanted sunshine, always) sing,
whatever happened. Even if the sun,
whatever sun you listened to was- one.

however briefly, that the only way,
however quickly into darkness( eve,
the only evening city ever may,
perhaps forever) even into this,
the only evening country into what,
for many of the pilgrims, must be bliss,
was to accept without resistance cut,
without delay whatever offered, though,
indeed. Whatever offered. Even so.

because I never order salad. No,
it never happens) Salad always please,
especially after dinner orders. o.
Amen! Amen! I always order one.
Sometimes I get confused and ask instead,
I never know. I order something none,
because, again I never order bread,
because, again I never orders soup.
Amen. Amen! I always order poop.

perhaps, return, I cannot enter hell,
I only sit, I ponder, I abhor,
I cannot enter either heaven) tell,
I beg, that heaven, hell hereafter shall,
perhaps become transparent, through my loud,
contempt of heaven. Heaven, I of. al.
become transparent, shall behold my cloud,
and glory in my cloudy naked breast.
Amen. Amen, amen. I also rest.

by some mistake... Chinese ) is also called,
by some account. Chinese is also bald.
Chinese is often spoken in I crawled.
Chinese without the? is pronounced with two?
The number? that begins the sound is what?
Chinese without the question is the qu?
Chinese is also called... because the cut?
Chinese without quotation? China, which,
despite the language, really means to stitch.

without reflection, entered, into this,
the water chamber, into water) we,
however, cannot follow, into bliss,
without reflection, even though the light,
without reflections is sufficient, we,
alas, are only shadows, only white,
without internal features ; shadows he,
without internal figures, entered, he,
within the waters ; shadows we are we.

however friendly, is exchanged. I know,
however, how to handle people) won,
despite himself. He never tires though,
of people even people he has met,
he changes, changes. Even after he,
himself becomes forgotten after yet,
he changes, even after being free,
he never changes. He is always, still,
before becoming captive to his will.

instead, decided to create our Own.
Because, you gotta hand it to the free,
you gotta wonder, do they really stone,
or simply have an awful lot of stones?
Because the answer really is that they,
because we, always, have been, always bones,
without which, we are little better re.
survival, even when, as we are prone,
we carry other bodies on our own.

He never finished any job until,
before he started to remove his jerk,
his little wooden leg began to fill.
He always wanted to remove himself,
before his owner even had begun.
He always started with himself in) self.
Before his owner ever had the one,
before the wooden owner ever had,
before he even started to be bad.

and something to believe in, nothing less,
beyond the power even over eve.
I only ever saw her coming yes,
and no, and somewhere over her) she said,
I only ever wanted to belong,
belong forever, something greater led,
but nothing greater ever happened long,
and somewhere under something bigger, she,
whatever something better never be.

The other doctor, after reading this,
remarked, with something of surprise that short,
heroic life had not dissolved the bliss,
and even comfort of his office- Suite,
in little pellets into whose effect,
alas, we had been led to fancy sweet,
and happy, happy happy, in its checked,
confined perfection. Even Mr. Burke,
the other doctor, who observed that work.

because it always keeps my spirit whole,
and also I believe in having) found,
upon reflection, nothing to their soul,
except itself; and having found it found,
began again to make it, over; this,
indeed. And having made it, being bound,
perhaps above itself, by no like bliss,
it is itself above affection. So,
upon another day I saw the low.

because they were enchanted, even though,
according to tradition only( slim,
perfect without exception, never so,
except perhaps among enchanted men,
according even to the legend, which,
however vivid, even under then,
is only folklore, Only during rich,
enchanted childhood seasons, Only when,
alone among the children, after ten.

you see: I was afraid) I wanted you.
I wanted something closer, fuller man.
Because I was afraid. Because it grew.
Because it never finished growing, you.
Because you wanted it, because I knew.
I never wanted it. But I was to.
Because I was afraid because you grew.
Because it always grows. Because sometimes,
because you always knew because it climbs.

the natives of Australia were compelled,
upon arrival at our stations. t.
i. has already given reasons) held,
that England being richer, richer, rich,
could do as she did; that Australia, poor,
oppressed and conquered could expect to which,
however humble, never should the cour.
Indeed Australia was supposed before,
upon arrival of ours, never more.

today, I stumbled over it myself,
another time, I found myself at) will.
I never wanted children, wanted( shelf,
whatever ) marriage, money. Money. More.
I wanted something better than the one.
And marriage. Money. Marriage, money) for,
I wanted children, children, children( none,
because I wanted none of that, until,
I wanted none because I wanted( still.

without restraint or measure, all the works,
the glory, glory, wonders, beauty told,
depicted in detail, forever quirks,
imperfect, ever changing, never " right,
because perfection cannot be " complete,
complete enough because it cannot- quite,
completely- stop perfection ever meet,
confer upon itself perfect release,
perfection, meeting, meeting ever cease.

because it never was enough) Because,
sometimes I wonder, would it matter four,
sometimes sixteen. I wonder, if the laws,
the letters, even this apartment had.
Because sometimes it is okay, and, then,
because it is sometimes okay to add.
I wonder, even after loving when,
sometimes I still may wonder, after. When,
sometimes again, I may desire then.

the very notion, even in its first,
initial stages of conception call,
perhaps to our advantage, even worst,
upon the poet, as the only man,
upon the artist. Therefore I will speak,
although I cannot say another- than,
without the poets, what is music weak,
or music over weak, unless, perhaps,
without the artists even music lapse.

the water, even under it, the shore,
the water under it, the water  for,
upon its surface flowing, even for,
upon the very bottom, even where,
beneath it rolling onward, even through,
beneath the very deepest places- there,
upon its very deepest bottom you,
upon your bodies lying under, not,
alas indeed, amid the water caught.

and followed her directions. After all,
she was alone, and therefore likely bout.
I never even got the address lol.
I started walking, hoping to myself,
I really should have mentioned this to em.
However after maybe ten of self.
The woman I suppose, whatever them,
decided to engage, and even though,
she never even mentioned her he) oh.

and of themselves, without respect or fear.
Because the woman is divine. The- man,
on other hand. Is only mortal mere.
And only able to enjoy the things,
the simple things without ambition, which,
without ambitions, only heaven sings.
And only nature has the power pitch,
without ambition, into any pitch.
Without ambitions nature cannot switch.

instead, I simply wanted something, just,
to listen to instead ) I wanted you,
and I was tired of the only lust,
the one desire, I possessed that made,
in other women, other boys, appear,
in contrast, almost holy, almost laid,
compared with yours alone without which mere,
mundane existence is enough, in this,
my broken body even ( even kiss.

because I know) I have become the thing,
the being that I have sometimes been caught,
and always will continue being king,
until, perhaps today, I die, until,
perhaps, tomorrow someone younger comes,
perhaps, today is only now the hill,
the valley level under our be sums,
until perhaps today I stand alone,
today the nothing broken only stone.

because of my depression, therefore you,
I wanted to create myself in yo,
and I did, therefore, I am happy who,
because of my depression, I did, so,
because I wanted others to perceive,
so, therefore therefore I was lonely yo,
so, likewise therefore I was lonely leve,
because of envy, also also cause,
again because you treated gently' was.

because I never even noticed, so,
because of that I haven also sworn,
because the weather was perfect for snow,
because I always travel light because,
again Because of that Because Because,
because because Because, Because of laws,
of money, being lazy. Also clause.
Because Because because Because because,
because, again, because again I pause.

himself... I wonder if he really knows,
herself ) and even after, even those,
before, before... I wonder if he shows,
himself... I wondered after seeing this,
before before... Before... I never knew,
myself, exactly, what to say. I kiss,
I wonder, after. I imagine. you,
before... before. before before. before.
before before... I always wonder for.

which none does here) they are sometimes, perhaps,
the most sublime expression. Even friends,
perhaps, will differ widely, as they lapse,
as Byron did ( contempt, however just,
will hardly pass review ) and Shelley ( who,
perhaps because he never travelled- trust,
to travel was attractive) also- drew,
perhaps because he never traveled, great,
majestic landscapes, often in the straight.

indeed! And they have nothing of the true,
the living God within. They worship far,
without regard, the image fashioned. who,
themselves unwilling any longer, find,
instead of Father God, an image which,
indeed they never wanted, never signed,
and never wanted worshipped, even  pitch,
and cricket. Even children laughing play,
without concern for being murdered they.

instead of being given something nice,
instead of being happy, ended) may,
because their mother wanted children twice,
become depressed. Perhaps because she tried,
despite depression to have babies. She,
instead, may have developed post- and) died.
Instead, she may, despite becoming free,
instead, because her husband hated sex,
instead of having wanted it and x.

alive, today. I am alone tonight.
I have forgotten my umbrella green.
Tonight it rains again, the heavy light,
the music. I forget myself. I look,
I listen to yourself, tonight alone.
I listen for your laughter over book,
for something else besides yourself to own.
Tonight alone, tonight without myself,
I listen to myself. Alone with self.

and still have, nothing on, and never can,
until about fifteen, or never bad,
unless they really rebel, which I plan,
before you finish, never to succeed,
unless I do, or any moment may,
myself) I have observed the children feed,
sometimes without return; sometimes they say,
sometimes they promise never; children will,
sometimes; but ever after they have till.

without delay. I therefore, after you,
and so assist the other, even though,
delayed by fever I depart the two,
upon their meeting you, I will prevent,
without neglect or favor; for myself,
without reserve, will gladly follow bent,
upon whatever chance occurs of self,
my friends and kindred only, my estate,
or even even even even fate.

alas, must be enslaved. Perhaps the cause,
besides that they are so extremely k.
directed. I believe, indeed) are oz.
directed; meaning rather, being made,
directed. Therefore I conceive the two,
directed always, are of equal grade.
But seeing this distinction you might too,
perhaps would, fancy, I suppose, that they,
directed, always are below. And may.

I cannot breathe, and yet you carry me,
I am already dying, I will flee,
and leave behind myself, and others) he,
the poet, being also poet ( he,
the person who believes he is himself,
he who believes himself himself the me,
himself alone without inter or self,
without compassion, being also self,
himself without desire) he of shelf.

himself, upon himself, upon himself,
upon another evening after she,
myself upon myself, upon my self,
upon my self, upon my self again,
upon another night again; and he,
myself he likewise he himself had then,
myself myself he also after me,
myself another morning after he,
upon myself again upon the three.

before you was alive, you were alone.
And even now I can believe you filled,
until it filled itself to bursting stone.
Because I cannot follow you without,
without, without. Because I am alone.
And only you alone, alone and out,
and in and out and only over stone.
Because without you nothing ever had,
or ever could have. Nothing. Only mad.

himself) began to chatter, talking, not,
I think, because of what was being from,
he only wanted, after having caught,
before returning to the party. He,
however very much aware that, when,
upon arriving, he inquired. we,
without returning to his comrades then,
were standing silent, very many, he,
however angry with himself and. we.

so sorry for that, Mr Jackson: you,
perhaps yourself may marry, after. no,
I cannot, Mr Johnson; never do,
I am determined never further, no,
I never shall; for reasons: other men,
indeed. but never any woman though,
perhaps myself: I cannot. Never when,
perhaps forever. never, ever, no,
forever. Never, Johnson: marry. oh.

and how the music rises into speech.
Sometimes the music even whispers then,
as when it rises gently in The beach.
Sometimes, however often, it begins,
as any infant- vocal organ. When,
however many children listen spins,
the music rises, even over. then.
however many women weep because,
although the women cannot speak they pause.

exactly) it is I am saying. You,
perhaps you never really wanted) shut,
forever. Even now you cannot do,
without becoming something even worse.
Because, again. Again, I am again,
again myself, without distinction( curse,
perhaps. I wonder whether you have then,
already suffered from the curse of all,
becoming something, even, awful small.

and open flowers are alive and can,
without unnecessary trouble seen,
be quickly taken up again by. than.
another flower, into being, which,
without delay occurs within about.
however little time is given witch.
moreover to the flowers is the doubt,
because, again, the flowers are sometimes,
although perhaps without specific times.

although I hated Germans speaking, which,
however German people speaking) no,
it cannot, cannot happen, even rich,
because, remember? money is itself,
remember? it consists in seeing all,
including seeing people one has) self,
as having always also always small,
because, again, imagine, never had,
except for being born in London) bad.

together, gathered into one the souls,
that into many scattered ; to the day,
perhaps before the golden era goals,
wherein we mortals are assembled here,
to battle, as occasion offers; so,
the battle ended, they assembled hear,
immense and countless as the atoms. though,
perhaps before the battle, Merlin had,
by message, to the King informed the sad.

I only ever saw the image, which,
although I could describe it better add,
I cannot better alter it or switch,
because it is eternal; therefore, here,
forever in your presence I behold,
although without the slightest power hear,
imagine, reason; therefore, even told,
explained, confessed. I cannot better die,
although perhaps, because you are my sky.

inter inter, inter inter) Inter,
Inter inter. Alas! alas the) her,
her, ah! alas! inter, inter is her,
inter inter, inter, alas inter,
alas inter inter, alas! Alas!
alas! Alas inter, alas. Her) her,
her. Her, inter inter inter. I. pass.
Inter, Inter inter. Alas! inter,
inter, alas, alas inter I her.

before I ever noticed, even less,
I never even noticed that he fears.
Before I ever worried. Even stress.
Before I never even mentioned. He,
himself. I never worried even more.
I only ever mentioned him. I see,
again, that he is only ever your.
Before you ever mention him, before,
until I worry even louder  for.

however-- after being driven, first,
about among unknown and hostile- we,
before himself, and then again on cursed,
familiar, German ground-- arrived among,
and landed in, familiar German ground.
The Germans, hearing something in their young,
unknown, rebellious English comrade sound,
advanced within about eighteen, and, lo!
before their very eyes-- upon the low.

the way of language) is to say, without,
however little, being willing they,
to utter something. I believe it out,
without the other. It may very well,
however, very simply not occur.
Perhaps I am myself without its spell.
Perhaps I never was enchanted) her,
without the other, even being not,
perhaps without desire being hot.

to do that; two I wanted, somehow more,
to be allowed, whatever I did done,
whatever any one did any for,
to happen always under any set,
conditions always always always, no,
because it never was enough to let,
because it always happened always so,
because it never was sufficient not,
unless sometimes, unless sometimes. And got.

before Augustus, either poet, nor,
until his final downfall ( Nero) bad,
except for stories, any epic) for,
although the Romans very early had,
and doubtless still have many thousands, who,
upon occasion ( Whether at the) mad,
heroic frenzy, very great is. to.
Among the modern writers, Mr. Burke,
upon the model given by the work.

alas, afraid to name the country, lest,
upon my finding out about the sham,
my uncle might accuse himself to rest,
and after telling me about the sham,
perhaps my father also, thinking me,
perhaps myself suspected of its' scam,
might after telling me about it flee,
and leaving me in danger, even more,
because I really love my uncle) for.

to order, rather than express myself,
as though before an altar : therefore her,
and others of like station ; therefore shelf,
and other lower, shelves above, and all,
except the Holy Table ; also this,
and nothing more; because, without it( small,
however sacred its position vis.
her image, it has nothing truly so,
without the power even of the toe.

the other, never entered. Even when,
as children playing under her and sir,
she would repeat the story backwards then,
about herself. She wanted to be her.
She wanted others, others. Others. Her.
Again, again, her story. Her and per.
Because without another language per.
Without her story, others, others she.
Again. Because without another he.

upon the very day that I began,
to have been lying in the open then,
upon my mother, mother, Mother) can,
without reserve, assure myself of this.
I cannot recall any other thought,
however nearly as- Direct we mis.
remember, any other feeling ot.
however small degree whatever; tho.
however happy, content; even though.

and also, therefore: nothing further needs,
unless indeed, perhaps... I never claim,
I cannot claim... the author cannot) reads,
in other places, as I have myself,
the title, simply given to that part.
I only ask myself the reader self,
without regard for other persons art,
without respect to public spirit, what,
exactly happened, in the story) cut.

except for reading Plato, only, you,
and reading Homer, maybe, even) they,
the people in the story, always to,
to get away from trouble, trouble, then,
perhaps because it never bothered, they,
because it never really happened when,
because, again and yet, perhaps the way,
perhaps because because because sometimes,
because because because, again. I times.

I may be guilty, being prone, as those,
perhaps, are also, unto evil apps,
wherein the conscience enters covert knows,
and never comes directly unto us,
unless suspected matter enter here,
which reason, guided rightly, will from) plus,
subtract. from. minus equals zero( hear,
observe) the nature of the matter which,
attracted by the virtue seated  itch.

and nothing is enough) and something white,
like something from the middle ages clean,
and nothing ever coming into sight,
except for something falling into view,
because that always looks appealing. So,
I always wanted something white and you,
I always hated your design and no,
because it never really matters. You,
however. Even if I never do.

because they happened to be written, not,
you knew it, with the feeling only stem,
and nothing of regret, because the plot,
although sometimes opaque and even wrong,
was often pretty clearly outlined: you,
because of something written into) long,
detailed, detailed, detailed instructions- to,
instructions, you, instructions written by,
directed to yourself: you know that my.

sometimes forgotten; therefore: never, not,
forever never ever, even times,
and never sorrow ever happen got,
because I never, even after. No,
because I cannot even, never. Not,
forever, ever. Even, times I know,
and even sadness ever happens got,
because sometimes forget, forget, and not,
because again forget again I got.

because he is ashamed of having done,
because he wishes to conceal the shade,
and also he is anxious lest the son,
upon receiving it in his embrace,
should suffer damage from its being hot,
because he wishes to obtain for face,
himself especially, many pleasant plot,
and also any person coming there,
however humble, into favour) dare.

I was alone in heaven when the souls,
awakened from their supper of the. five.
decades expired, descended in their rolls.
to visit earth. I am alive today.
I was the only living being, when.
Jehovah opened my departed clay,
extended into my surviving men,
and made my living spirit. I am not,
however happy, content, nor at. lat.

instead decided on the other hand,
that we could only carry something. e.
The other. Something other than our land.
And something being something that can go.
And being carried by. Without the need,
excuse, defense. Without defense the no.
Without excuse. And nothing. Something freed.
Without release, release, without defense.
Because defense is only needed whence.

along the river, cutting open, out,
whatever you decide upon. And hey,
whatever happens you decide and shout,
whatever. Nothing matters. Nothing. You,
whatever happen. Even if the end,
however you decide it happen to,
whatever, happens. Nothing matters send,
whatever happen. Even better, you,
wherever you are happen happen( to.

until it ended. After this I saw,
or dreamed I did, eleven angels) can,
because the story never finished) draw,
instead, eleven circles, moving out,
instead repeating, over, under. Can,
again, instead repeat themselves in doubt,
until belief is given to do than,
instead. Because belief is given, then,
eleven thousand spirits standing ten.

because it was another time before,
because it was the only other) he,
because it is himself again he  for,
because he cannot be  because he can,
because it was another day before,
because he never was  because it ran,
Because it is himself again he for,
Because he is afraid he cannot go,
because because it never ran he so.

indeed. I was, however standing, not.
I never was behind the wheel. And got,
as always. Nothing happened, nothing got.
Because of my position, I received,
instead. I always had received, before.
Because of my location. I believed,
before. And never doubted that. The door,
the window opened, opened only, not,
alas, to any other than the lot.

however ( being also human ) not.
I am afraid. Because, despite our sham,
our public faces ( being public) caught,
among themselves ( because among yourself,
among yourself alone... because among,
amongst yourselves, among themselves they elf,
because, despite their noble cover young,
despite our noble faces, being, still,
among... Because, among themselves. I will.

however, having heard the story told,
and being troubled by the mention. me,
and asking further question, added fold,
and said that I was very likely, though,
himself, the very man he was afraid.
or very lately come from over so,
and having lately come from so. I paid,
as also was required by my new,
condition; adding very truly. you.

except that he had money, which is not,
alas! the greatest virtue either- none,
for many thousand reasons, neither) got,
as they sometimes sometimes sometimes will, out,
and started walking, walking, very slow,
across the city, over bridges trout,
and ferry, under over tunnels so,
so massive, so immense, and heavy, you,
my reader, shoulder your guitar in view.

however, having entered it before,
returned without success. Another. e.
of lions, enters after, into door,
which closes, having heard the lion- bell.
He opens, hearing lion- noises. They,
upon approaching, open, seeing. tell.
He opens further, hearing louder- way.
They enter, having noticed, seeing. he.
They open, seeing. he again and. see.

about my mother having seven teeth.
However, I believe, because she too,
upon becoming very ill beneath,
was taken to another room for this,
that she alone sustained her damage, not,
indeed herself, and therefore was the bliss,
upon returning home to be the lot,
indeed the promise of the happy days,
again upset? However this may blaze.

according unto Caesar, being " read.
The author, therefore being very far,
himself commits himself, and cannot lead,
without committing many errors. He,
moreover, having lately published what,
in common life, would have appeared an( c.
i) very doubtful novel, cannot cut,
without betray himself. Moreover he,
profess- an actor of dramatic. sci.

perhaps he thinks of someone very, dear,
indeed perhaps he thinks about the key,
perhaps he wishes to unlock his fear,
perhaps perhaps perhaps, perhaps perhaps,
perhaps perhaps perhaps... perhaps, although,
despite my protest even, even scraps,
perhaps... Perhaps, however briefly so,
perhaps... Perhaps I am mistaken: this,
however briefly stated even kiss.

except my mother. Nothing. Ever, now,
to rival her) I was afraid to place,
without regard to beauty. I was( how,
exactly, does the human body end,
without the body of the spirit, which,
without which it is neither living friend,
beloved, companion any more. And bitch,
because, again, I wanted something more,
because, before her dying in my  for.

because I needed Nothing better than,
I wanted to be something other) can,
without regret or malice, offer. can,
without regret, without malicious spite,
create. create. without remorse and, yes,
without without regret, without despite.
without regard. create without the bless.
without regard for other, for myself,
create despite without affection) self.

are dreaming of another summer; They,
with open mouths and laughing eyes Are prey,
before another season comes on day.
The children are awake and laughing, they,
indeed; And dreaming of that Summer they,
perhaps, forget The sorrow, that they pay,
before it comes around. Another way,
another time perhaps they saw The trees,
beneath which they asleep provided these.

and said, he had received the armor, which,
however he might have removed from men,
had never hindered them from serving rich,
and having pleasure in their freedom, nor,
moreover, ever hindered them, because,
indeed and deeply speaking, they were your,
possessing neither substance nor of flaws,
and having all the virtues under sun.
But, even granting all of this he won.

to pass away my childhood, passing by,
without remark. I cannot recall) knows,
indeed. Perhaps the village never. i.
Perhaps the village never even had,
until within itself. perhaps within,
within itself, the village never glad.
Perhaps, again perhaps, without the in,
within without without the out. Perhaps,
again. again perhaps again. The gaps.

remember, only you. Because I am,
without exception. Always, Always) to,
as it were ( Always) after you and damn,
it really is okay, I never thought,
I cannot recall ever feeling so,
completely happy. Never, never sought,
desired, needed something ever though,
because I always wanted nothing. Just,
forever wanted nothing ever trust.

you see: because I was sixteen and all,
because I wanted something better caught,
and better written, better painted small,
because, you see: I never could have borne,
you know: I always wanted something more,
I always, even when it was on torn,
you see: I never could abide in- door,
because inside inside inside I knew,
inside I always, always knew he. who.

because he hated evil spoken, said,
Alas! alas, and was about to flee,
but she would not allow the evil spread.
Alas, alas, and is she so divine?
Alas! Alas, and never shall I be,
because of her alone, allied to mine,
unless another man reject and flee,
because of her? For never shall I, nor,
unless the gods forbid that I should more.

she was about sixteen; she had the face,
complexion, color, bearing, bearing down,
of beauty, goodness even, even race,
of any Negro woman ever seen,
and therefore, being chosen, chosen so,
as any Yankee lady of sixteen,
would also have been, chosen likewise know,
to be preferred before she, even though,
alone, she were the weaker, stranger so.

because of this transparent water, they,
instead of swimming, they begin the men,
the children to remove their clothing way,
before they enter into heaven, they,
instead, begin the painful journey, they,
however many there were, down from bay,
before they even exit into day,
before they even enter into night,
before they even notice sunrise light.

is dreaming here, perhaps about the mind,
about becoming conscious of the true,
the beauty of the world, about his kind,
about the nature, nature poet, who,
like Plato, is himself inside the mind,
about the nature of the poems) you,
the reader, who believe that poets find,
or even must, another world inside,
perhaps another language even side.

indeed... I have... I have been to Berlin,
and to Vienna also, where they show,
in many places very clearly- in,
like manner, many pictures of his face,
and other portraits of himself- without,
however, ever seeing them. And place,
indeed, I hardly could suspect- the doubt,
again about the faces being known.
And many others of the figures shown.

until today, because of how it played,
but never mentioned it, until you bore,
about to tell your secrets out) I made,
because of something I was feeling, not,
because of something that was going wrong.
I never mentioned it before and got,
because it never mattered. Nothing long,
because of how it happened. Nothing small,
for lack of being able. Nothing all.

yourself, possess that power) you will not,
perhaps will hardly, be surprised to view,
yourself alone among your fellows caught,
imprisoned, beaten, even murdered by,
whatever devils happen on, in this,
the modern Egypt after forty. why,
sometimes I even think that it might miss,
perhaps again, the ancient promise. you,
yourself perhaps sometimes yourself might do.

about themselves or each another, they,
themselves and each, are always silent hawk,
about their children, husbands, wives or gray,
about the weather, flowers, water, trees,
about their feelings, secrets even. They,
myself, and even children always. these,
however always hidden, always may,
about their feelings open. Even when,
about their feelings, silence, silence then.

perhaps because it was already late,
or else perhaps it simply never same.
Perhaps it simply was the same as great,
enormous other great and others great,
before it was already too overt.
Perhaps it simply was the greatest state,
until it was already greater hurt.
Perhaps the other great before itself,
and other greater lesser selves were( self.

alas, were only flowers. Even now,
in many places flowers only play,
or flower only mimic, something( how,
exactly, I do not precisely, though,
perhaps hereafter someone, better still,
shall figure out precisely how) which( so,
perhaps, is something even better till,
perhaps) they cannot always play, or, which,
indeed, they never could before. The rich.

you know, myself) I really only had,
I think about, about fifteen- from trough,
about fifteen- from saddle, maybe add,
fifteen, about sixteen, fifteen again,
about sixteen, sixteen, fifteen, sixteen,
about fifteen again, fifteen and ten,
about eleven maybe, ten from green,
about fifteen and twenty, twenty, what?
okay fifteen and twenty, maybe cut.

sometimes it really matters, even though,
sometimes because, whatever, only caught,
again and once, again, again) I know,
because sometimes, because because, sometimes,
because Sometimes because Sometimes Because,
Because because Because Sometimes it' times,
Because sometimes it really really draws,
Because because Sometimes Because sometimes,
Because because Sometimes because it times.

together with his father- father, went,
and taking captive many women lay,
and after ransom had received they sent,
and ransom had received, and gladly they,
together, offered horses, cattle, sheep,
until the number offered they were pay,
because the battle had arisen) keep,
moreover, in the palace many, who,
without revolt, were serving in his crew.

perhaps, that he was always looking out,
that he was looking at himself as how,
perhaps he never fully trusted doubt,
that he was always searching for himself,
that his relationship to nature, which,
despite the label, really was his) self,
that he began, as others have in pitch,
to struggle over meaning, whether he,
indeed, began as something other we.

until today, until today, until,
today! I never noticed that the ad,
before the music started, even till,
today! before the music, started, had,
before today, before tomorrow, ad,
today, tomorrow. Even now I add,
today before today. I even had,
before tonight itself. I always had,
today itself. I always had the ad.

of course) and even after you have had,
perhaps, enough abuse about the brain,
you will begin to wonder what it bad,
exactly: whether something truly bad,
or only very naughty. Something which,
because of something in the childhood had,
remained unknown to parents even witch,
until it had become apparent, through,
perhaps without their having noticed. you.

I am composing, writing you again,
composing poems for another) who,
in his desire, carried into when,
and carried out without regret in all,
without regrets, without remorse: the great,
heroic poet, who, above the wall,
above his palace, in his palace late,
above his city of forget, within,
beneath his city of forget and sin.

however loving. I believe in you,
my husband, I believed you even none,
before we met again. You were my two,
my very loving, gentle, tender, ten,
fifteen, perhaps fifteen- another son,
before I ever noticed you were men.
Before I ever noticed any- one.
Before we even- ed. Before you- dred.
Before you ever met my other red.

The people of Peru were very fond,
perhaps, perhaps malicious critics hold,
of other peoples. They were also blond.
The natives also carried baskets, which,
however they were empty, were supposed,
whatever meaning it may have had hitch,
in any case to be efficient) closed.
Another version says that people who,
in any given country, are in- too.

so. Therefore it is only proper, now,
to ask again: Is there, indeed. And no,
indeed! because the nature cannot bow,
because the Nature cannot be constrained.
Because, again, the nature cannot bow,
for other reasons, namely. Therefore( drained,
again) the nature never could allow,
indeed could hardly even know, the fact,
that it could ever really be so packed.

indeed, be good to offer him, as he,
the greatest ransom for himself. But still,
because of envy, envy of his free,
immortal nature which is better, he,
the wretched creature that himself is. Shall,
moreover, any one of human be,
without regard to any one at al.
For even as the human being he,
himself composed, without regard for thee.

perhaps, they were asleep; and never, when,
indeed asleep, remembered having though,
indeed! perhaps, they only needed men,
and being children wanted kisses; who,
perhaps, remembered nothing; maybe they,
indeed themselves forgot. Perhaps they too,
indeed remembered something, being gay,
perhaps remembered something being quite,
completely other. Surely nothing bright.

because they cannot argue, even, so,
because they cannot reason clearly( made,
alas! especially, if their reason go,
as mine must, to the Devil, even, though,
indeed I never heard, except from one,
myself confess( although perhaps it go,
besides, sometimes to other persons- none,
however often I have seen it, though,
perhaps, because of custom( which may go.

he is unable to pronounce the names,
and pronoun people using only crimes,
unless they are familiar faces games,
unless the face itself resembles crimes,
unless he wishes to appear refined,
refined because his conscience never' times,
before he pronoun cases) pronoun mind,
his language is confused, his language, he,
he cannot think of any other. e.

according to the poet William Blake,
upon the move " among his women he,
according to the poets Milton) make,
according even unto Caesar; he,
according unto Jesus, even make,
without the least desire for his. we,
however, only hunger for our sake,
without desire only of that food,
without desire only to be glued.

without delay or wonder was aware,
that something very strange was taking be,
indeed he had been watching her with care,
and wondered greatly, whether it was not,
perhaps it had already taken place,
and even questioned his beloved and caught,
but she remained composed and silent face,
and only answered, that she only knew,
and trusted very dearly that she do.

to cover up the traces I myself,
myself, had made on her, and I had got,
because I had believed I had the) self,
herself became transparent to herself,
and therefore able to observe myself,
and others, clearly. I began myself,
because myself began, to open self,
myself began. I noticed others, who,
themselves observed themselves observed. And through.

you going into battle, you afraid?
I always battle. Never knowing( cut,
except to under- say the bottom blade,
which is the only thing he wanted cut,
because it was uneven, something he,
as he pretended, wanted over) what,
precisely, was involved. Whatever. we,
the readers, watching someone else in this,
in other, battles, battles, battle) miss.

and freezing further, he began again,
repeating) I remember being old,
about fifteen, perhaps. Perhaps. It. then.
again, perhaps, and maybe. I was told,
again, about the island, only, now,
it was the island, always, always old.
And always, even when it only sow,
about its water only being cold,
and freezing deeper. Even when the hold.

however, I have little hope of) will,
without expense to any private rich,
provide sufficient water to each fill.
Besides the water power is secure,
although the water- Power, being not,
itself, sufficient, must itself have pure,
enough conditions of the surface caught,
sufficient number, thickness, number. So,
whenever, even for the smallest flow.

and many others see, another troop,
without distinction great, together draw.
Among the rest I Hector saw. As swoop,
before the hunter eagle, either stag,
or mountain cow; so sudden Hector, borne,
amid his Trojan fellows came with flag,
and mantle flowing freely, bearing corn,
and torches burning in his hands, before,
beside and over all the other shore.

because it was myself again I had,
Because the world was speaking, I was man,
because the woman was herself and mad,
Because the water, flowing over her,
was speaking, was myself, Because the wind,
above her, spoke without, because the fur,
below the feet, beneath, beneath the blind,
Because because I was afraid, I am,
I never have been other, never damn.

so very sorry for the other girl,
I really do suppose that I was slow,
because the others were already( pearl,
I almost wanted to exclaim, before,
before I saw her little silver hair,
which I had almost knocked against in- door,
in passing) having started on the chair,
before she started talking to herself,
before the little woman even shelf.

and also cannot be convinced without,
another witness, namely reason) made,
perhaps, the mischief, if occasion doubt.
For instance. Many persons, I believe,
believe, without intending so to act,
that is upon occasion. For the sleeve,
perhaps, of one of our esteemed or tract,
upon account thereof is now sometimes,
perhaps, regarded very slightly' times.

because it really happened, even, so,
because I needed something really) caught,
in my confusion of desire no,
because desire, even after you,
because you, really happened only when,
I wanted it, I wanted something. to,
because you really wanted it and then,
because I needed you because of this,
because I really needed you to kiss.

except perhaps the garden where I wrote,
is truly foreign, any other space,
except, indeed perhaps in my so quote,
the garden where I wrote, in which the " space,
except perhaps " perhaps refers perhaps,
to other gardens elsewhere in which case,
perhaps in London, Florence, Athens laps,
in other words, in other countries where,
alas, the poet is himself the fair.

Premiere" by David Ferry Gibson This,
I promise, we will be enjoying through,
beginning in the second season kiss.
Elijah is enjoying it again,
although he never thought about himself,
or Mary either. He remembers then,
without forgetting. It was summer( shelf,
perhaps) before he started going down,
Elijah being mostly psychic town.

I always hated other people; now,
however, I am ready, happy) find,
upon arrival at the chosen cow,
to slaughter. I remember very well,
upon arriving, having my surprise,
at finding that the cattle were to dwell,
as I suspected them already flies.
I was delighted, therefore, when I saw,
upon inspection that indeed the straw.

because it suited) her. And I began,
as I sometimes recount to patients stir,
and ended with the flourish I have ran,
since childhood ( Even in preschool; I still,
sometimes remark about it) running through,
sometimes without intent to finish till,
sometimes without concern for whether. to.
I recall only pauses. After one,
I noticed her, perhaps fifteen. She spun.

except the power of forgetting. This,
in turn I reasoned, would preserve the grace,
the beauty, even if the power kiss,
the power pardon, I possessed, refused.
Because I reasoned, therefore I was free.
Without appeal or counsel, in that( used,
perhaps against itself) I reason( we,
perhaps against our reason, in despair,
because of power failure) into prayer.

to cover up, to vanish, to appear,
whatever I decided on) I bought,
in London. London, after all. The year,
eighteen- eighteen, eighteen sixteen- fifteen.
The season Summer, yellow buses; blue,
September; autumn yellow, orange green,
decaying autumn yellow. London to,
around, around the island. I suppose,
around implies around. Between. But those.

because he was afraid) he started out,
without intending even any slim,
perfect details of his appearance doubt.
He started out with nothing better than,
perhaps, the color, hair, or eye of one,
or even none. Because of this he can,
within an image, almost see the sun,
and only almost; only seeing, through,
perhaps without exactly seeing too.

because they were so busy hating us,
they only ever wanted us in view,
and even after freedom they would bus,
sometimes in thousands even over seas,
to answer letters of affection they,
the people never knew about or sees,
except from people who were also gay,
because the Bible never really said,
because the people hated gay. And read.

whatever it might mean, whatever fate,
however many hurdles I might) come,
because of you. You always were the great,
the noble father, even in my dreams,
the one I never could abandon, who,
despite his failings as the tragic) seems,
in spite his many failures as an. through.
romantic figure never ceases. You,
you always wanted only what you knew.

again, is neither body, part, or bound,
or broken; neither moment, time. It witch,
without beginning, never dying found,
without beginning to exist: It can,
create, express without expressing, speak,
create another spirit to be man,
upon another surface, in an week,
without the body being cleaner; nor,
in seven minutes more or seven floor.

and being over heavy sank, until,
upon reflection, sinking rather tank,
perhaps upon the margin rather still,
he settled, being rather lighter, down,
and being over over buoy. He,
moreover being over heavy brown,
became upon reflecting whether be,
himself, should be upon reflection black,
or any color at the bottom back.

and therefore wanted to commit an acts,
upon himself, because insane) and slain,
because insane; whereas he never facts,
because he never witnessed, any thing,
except perhaps upon the Sabbath- day,
at which I think he never carried) bring,
upon themselves alone the vengeance they,
without committing any malice, though,
indeed ( Besides because they never go.

to say aloud: I was alone) and, when,
without another language, he could got,
began again, without, perhaps with then,
without consent, but after many days,
without regret. I never wanted, nor,
without you. I forgot without you praise,
or even noticed it, until you bore,
without regret or warning, my neglect,
forgetting also any future checked.

because the merchant is so greedy, they,
despite their weakness always manage) we,
resist, the people cannot be his prey,
because he is unjust, despite the force,
despite the power, even though the mob,
because the merchant is unjust. And course,
the merchants also are oppress and bob,
because they cannot be controlled, although,
again, despite their power they have though.

and also from Chinese ) I am afraid.
Because of this Chinese- descended) these,
Chinese, descendants living here in shade,
in houses under houses. Houses are,
themselves Chinese- descend. I am afraid.
I cannot speak enough to let my car,
the only living thing in my blockade,
continue driving. Driving into this.
Because Chinese- descendants living miss.

before the third and final letter he,
without apology, delivered. to,
without apology delivered three.
before the final letter he, without,
without apologies, deliver. he,
deliver he delivered seven stout,
robust before the seventh letter. three.
before the second letter he. Before.
without apologies. delivered more.

alas! the rubber tires, it will break,
and, oh! the tires, so expensive then,
because of all expenses other) take,
instead, the iron skillet. Iron, yes,
but also rubber. Therefore rubber. Take,
for contrast, also iron. Also mess.
And also money wasted, also make,
because of tire payments, also make,
because the tire payments are in shake.

and dreaming, dreaming. It is very sad,
and very silly; very touching( keep,
beloved; whatever happens to you add,
I love you very much; and always add,
I always love you very well, and oh,
and oh again, and oh, until I had,
perhaps myself become as sad as so,
and so on for about an hundred times,
but, oh again, and on forever crimes.

alas, is hardly ever any one,
unless it is perhaps my Lady fair,
for truly she surpass itself in fun,
and never does another woman, save,
indeed, myself and me, offend in what,
in common language, would perhaps been grave,
although, indeed! except the very butt,
perhaps the very burning target, so,
excuse my saying so. But even though.

I never even bothered to inquire,
because to do it was against my doom.
Because my mother never wanted dire,
because my father wanted only slight.
Because they never questioned why I came,
until they saw it was my future night,
because I never doubted I would claim,
because they never doubted they had more.
I wanted something simple. I did four.

and smiling, saying over his again,
as he had said before her coming led,
I cannot tell another language then,
I only know I wanted you to see,
I cannot even speak it, nothing, no,
except perhaps to answer your be. she,
however, being older than you. so,
perhaps because she had already had,
perhaps already wanted, many bad.

with my entire being, with myself,
without restraint or even warning- where,
without restraint and warning, even self,
without restraint itself becomes unknown,
unknown itself and naked, naked, bare,
without desire, hunger even grown,
without delight, delight itself and tear,
without lament and even silence- what,
exactly, was the human body hut.

because I wanted to be British, not,
because of my religion : therefore) she,
the daughter of the Danish king and hot,
became my sister ; therefore she became,
because she wanted something from her own,
became, without betray, despite her shame,
because I was myself betrayed by known,
despite myself. Because I was betray,
reformed betray, because of England's gay.

because of danger to myself) and he,
the person standing in for me. And hear,
you people who have knowledge, even we,
the very women, also enter, we,
the women, even we myself; we are,
indeed. We also enter. We will be,
perhaps before you leave, perhaps as far,
perhaps as your desire for escape,
perhaps until another day or shape.

sometimes, alone; and always after dark.
Sometimes alone in darkness, other dumb,
sometimes pretending something, other stark,
sometimes transparent. Other than the blind,
he never needed darkness; never had,
as his companions boasted them in kind.
He was alone in heaven also( add,
below ) and needed darkness only. Yet,
sometimes, alone in darkness also met.

before the people who have settled here,
have wondered, even often, whether( down,
perhaps ) the river, over there by ear,
the river is the river, whether there,
above, below, it always seems the way,
the same, familiar pattern, even where,
below the water level even( they,
perhaps ) below, above the water there,
above the water there and always( where.

until today, inside the windows, so,
I guess, I should consider them as far,
perhaps, beyond today and any slow,
uncertain summer evenings as they are,
beyond the window into darkness, where,
inside, I could imagine, maybe far,
another summer after summer there,
another summer summer, after year,
beyond the summers, into winter near.

before, the other person, something, which,
without exception ( even using old,
forgot, the other never let. The witch,
for all that people said against, because,
again without exceptions people said,
because the only other persons' flaws,
without exception, was exposed and read,
again and yet again, without excuse,
is only punished for her crimes' abuse.

perhaps explore it safely, even, though,
you see, I never really had to run,
or jump across or under, any foe,
except perhaps the dreadful flying fish,
that goblin foe, the Goblin Shark, that chased,
pursued until we almost drowned -- I wish,
however, that I had possessed the taste,
myself -- perhaps I might report, today,
that after twenty years' research -- the day.

The very image of the moment when,
according even to its rules the piece,
according also its dictates to men,
becomes itself. The moment of its self.
The image, therefore. Even as today,
tomorrow, ever onward in itself,
forever inward, ever outward- they,
the very moment being something which,
arrived upon it. Even so. An itch.

you cannot see exactly what is there.
However you do notice that each spark,
however feeble is, continues where,
before or shortly After, something strong,
substantial happened, Something that could hurt,
destroy or take possession. Also) long,
protracted thunder, something so alert,
so on the point of tears with pain. The rain,
perhaps the river water pouring pain.

upon reflection, cannot help but think,
upon reflecting, that the woman she,
herself is, therefore, therefore, that to drink,
is only to admit oneself within,
within another, into being, which,
without intending to, he enters in.
However simple this, however rich,
however subtle, it remains the first,
without which even beauty is. The thirst.

indeed, I haven' been asleep, and thus,
perhaps again tonight before the ten,
eleven hundred flashes go at us,
I haven; have been somewhere in between,
between myself, myself, and someone who,
perhaps without intending such. I mean,
I wonder, often, whether, when the blue,
or green, whatever, flashes over me,
and someone standing somewhere in that sea.

the teacher of religion to his son,
continued, saying to the second me,
Continue still until he come in one,
and he shall show it. So the father, who,
because of his affection, was prepared,
until he saw his father, waited two,
or maybe more, until his son declared,
upon command, that it would soon suffice;
upon command, moreover he has twice.

but there was nothing I could do. I had,
instead, the other woman waiting) where,
behind the story being told of bad,
abusive people being punished ( by,
among  another shameful list, of course,
abortion laws ) by public outcry. my,
my, even women into voting) force.
I wonder if the story will include,
however vaguely, any of that mood.

perhaps, or maybe I remember this,
and Mrs Coulter is the one I take.
I cannot follow her, except. I miss.
I miss the other Mrs Conway. She,
she is delightful to describe. She, she,
she dances. I, I, dancing is my free,
artistic pleasure; therefore dancing be,
forever Mrs Conway! Mrs. Moore!
the other Mr Coulter! I was sure.

perhaps) that even after all, the day,
and therefore even after you and one,
is over: after you and one and they,
and after even after all, and all,
and even even even even, are,
alas. And after you, and one. The small,
and after even after them. The far,
and even even even after all.
Because, because because because of small.

however, never even hinted what,
exactly happened during those. And we,
of our confusion only vague. I cut,
however often, pages out my book,
until, exhausted I decide enough.
Enough. I finish writing, turn to- look,
erase again. I finish, read by rough,
dictated copy. After twenty years,
the only person I expect. My ears.

Because the other guy was bigger, he,
instead of being lifted, fell about.
Because of this, the woman was on three.
Because of something called the Golden Rule,
because sometimes, sometimes you gotta go.
And, even if it only comes off cool,
because it teaches you about the no,
about respect for others. Even though,
again. Because of something called that no.

as having been already given) are,
together with their bodies being' soul,
themselves contain the power of that star.
And even as another body, though,
itself celestial, cannot by degrees,
distracted with disease, be still with' low,
and into ruin be consumed by ease,
unless its body too, depart with them;
so also glory is subject in hem.

upon. And he, indeed upon, upon.
He was upon himself upon and on,
upon. Upon and upward into on,
upon and upwards upward into. He,
indeed upon and upwards into, not,
indeed, but upwards upward, into free,
familiar being, into happy lot,
upon, upon and upward. Into, not,
and upward into, into, not. The knot.

because the ocean currents haven, lest,
because I never really knew the old,
because I never wanted to) I dressed,
because the weather had begun to grow,
because I never really wanted, you,
to marry someone, ever, never no,
I never wanted to become that too,
because it always sounded so absurd,
and also, I forgot myself. The word.

however, carry to another place,
and into other limits. I am ill,
alas! without relief; and, in my case,
the doctors cannot rightly profit me.
I therefore wander here, deprived alike,
I know. of feeling, reason, purpose- he,
moreover, who is master here can strike,
with proper methods, any latent vice,
however dark. Besides myself. The price.

perhaps... it is because of something you,
myself, have written, I presume -- and. yes,
because I have forgotten, very few,
indeed of even this itself, although,
again... remember I am being told,
again, about it, even by the show.
Perhaps... remember I have been in old,
familiar places, even on the show.
Perhaps... perhaps I have been in the know.

The story follows Alice as her hat,
without which her existence, as he spins,
consumes her, making movement all and that,
without it as she spins, is nothing: she,
however loving movement, turning still,
without the movement needed for the free,
unrest, delight of living. Moving till,
without the movement of desire, he,
himself without existence, is by she.

and hid behind it, his divine command,
and said to me again in public way,
as if he wanted secret witness- hand,
and being silent also made reply,
that nothing further need concern myself,
unless perhaps it be my fortune- my!
to suffer martyr- damage in your self,
and being naked unto other men.
alike to you alone, and also when.

you cannot see the fishes very well,
except around the bait inside their bold,
transparent bodies. Also fishes smell,
and cannot be confused by other smells,
except perhaps the mother, mother, mom,
of mother fishes, who sometimes or. tells,
without appearing to confirm) is calm,
refreshing, soothing, tranquil; soothing; cool;
refreshing; pleasant. Also cool. In school.

familiar voices, any of it, comes,
as it did, back from somewhere in that cold,
uncanny distance) into living drums,
electric keyboards. Even into this,
however briefly. Even after all,
despite whatever echoes I might miss,
whatever echoes you might hear from small,
enclosed details within details itself,
despite whatever echoes, even self.

and therefore not entitled, even then,
to visit either of his sons from dawn,
to sunset, even during summer when,
indeed  among  the pleasures common " There,
again  before returning to the main,
before beginning any further care,
the mother, having washed herself from stain,
and having taken from beneath the head,
in silence, even under water) spread.

because... I don; Because you never had,
I never needed, I... Because I knew,
I never needed; Therefore never) ad,
amen, I, being always always; ad,
amen, you, always having; I am not,
because I am you always; I am glad,
I never wanted, I have always got;
Because I never really wanted ( You,
you always having, ever wanting) to.

I really did. I even had an old,
abandoned ice arena built and green,
I mean, gigantic, I believe. And cold.
And very very very cold) and there,
in that arena of abandoned ice,
I saw, behind the curtains, something- rare,
indeed: myself. And nothing was the price,
however much I would have it. And so,
alone again in my apartment( no.

because the water only sounded, no,
Because the only people sleeping so,
because I never noticed, never know,
because I only noticed when the moon,
because I never saw it shining through,
Because the water never darkened soon,
until it darkened then began its new,
its awful music) I was dreaming. When,
before, I never dream. I only then.

the golden- golden sun, is shining, shines,
divine, divine. And over there on none,
because the darkness covers them. The vines,
the flowers, are alive. And even though,
because the sunlight covers us. The sun,
the holy sun. Because the sunlight' glow,
the glory shining over there on one,
because the sunlight over there is bright.
And over there on even, shining right.

and very warm; and Mr Johnson had,
he thought with justice, Mr Johnson) i.
The poet, after many poems bad,
returned to England in November. See,
however Brewer on the poet John,
especially Book I, lines i- i. And v.
inter inter inter, in order on,
and verses better. Johnson, having now,
for twenty winters almost been on how.

but somehow I forgot about that, not,
perhaps, as if I doubted its for) won,
because the poet, being rather caught,
forgot himself, and only after he,
perhaps because he wanted it, forgot,
forgot himself. The poet, being free,
forget himself, forget himself to not,
perhaps, the readers who had come because,
despite the poems, even though we pause.

I never bothered to explain myself,
because the very notion was  to bore,
and likewise, being tired, it  did) self,
because it never was about myself,
because I always wanted something new,
and also, being weary with my self,
I never questioned whether it  might. you,
because I never questioned you, about,
you ever, never wanted you. and out.

or whether, coming into being so,
He merely furnished human minds that odd,
and giving being only in the show,
without intending any defect, He,
in giving beings, merely wanted one,
to suffer defect in enjoying) we,
however gifted we may seem in fun,
however fertile thought within our breasts,
whatever heaven, even though the guests.

perhaps reflecting that perhaps he, too,
might profit by the lessons taught to thee,
begins again his discourse. He is. to.
accounted one of England' greatest, he,
among his other merit. having, long,
and closely studied Nature; knowing she,
alas, so rarely offers men of strong,
awake resolve, instructions, methods. he,
moreover ( I remark) an able. see.

because the person is already dead,
and you are over in Japan and hear,
perhaps today. Because sometimes the head,
because the forehead, even after all,
because the forehead is composed in part,
in part of other people. Someone small,
perhaps. Perhaps. Perhaps you. Someone smart.
Perhaps. Because the smartest person, who,
among today' attorneys, is in you.

because I always loved forgetting, so,
because it was important, even yet,
because I always loved to be an. o.
i. always, even in between because,
because because, until I never, will.
remember nothing, nothing, only pause,
because I always hated pauses) till,
because because, because, until the whole,
the moment broken, never only) soul.

Perhaps he never is, perhaps his last,
unfinished poems are the true and live,
perhaps the poems he abandoned cast,
like shadows falling on an empty grave,
enough suspicion to convince the soul,
whatever else we cherish of our brave,
uncertain spirits under siege from coal,
cement or razor, that whatever hope,
however faded it be, we'll but cope.

because my brain is frozen, my reply,
I only answer when awake and  for,
until I die. Until I die I lie,
awake inside my coffin. My  reply,
my silence, my confession. Only, no,
because until today  today I cry,
I never really die until the row.
Until the very moment when I close,
the curtain rises, people come -- to dose.

The only problem with the poem, then,
arises over whether it was) stole,
i would submit, consists precisely n,
of any poem which achieves its goal.
The poem cannot truly be the thing,
however briefly, it appears in) stole,
because the poem is itself the spring,
the source of all the springs which it effects.
It is the river of itself affects.

my daughter Helen. Therefore I have come,
to offer thee immortal life in no.
Accept my daughter into service some,
or all of thee; for never did my hands,
the mistress having taken, even when,
alone within her chamber by our' lands,
alone within her dwelling, any ten,
the very hundred greatest men among,
before the morning watch, without their young.

and being very sleepy, I believe.
However, being very happy hard,
I also firmly firmly feel I) leave.
However being sleepy being still,
I also very happy very, hard,
indeed, believe again I very ill,
however, being sleepy, I must guard,
must not forget. However very, still,
believing being very tired will.

I never noticed her until tonight.
I always wanted someone to have fur,
and someone who was also someone quite,
because sometimes, sometimes... Sometimes I feel,
sometimes I don the furry mantle, feel,
because of someone, I sometimes have real,
sometimes imaginary, feelings) real,
imaginary. I sometimes have these,
because sometimes I have... because I please.

in any case; and also being, you,
perhaps because, unlike, you are to fonts,
to water- chambers, water only to,
and water always ready, whether we,
the water, would enjoy or suffer, be,
again and now forever; being me,
I suffer being being being) we,
the bodies of the living only we,
the bodies living always only. b.

but haven' not, the better half of two,
or maybe it is that the better) one,
and other I suppose, the better. you,
perhaps. I always wondered, never thought,
about it, only ever finding, when,
perhaps before about, the moment brought,
the very moment being always. then,
perhaps, another. maybe, never. then,
perhaps another. never happened when.

perhaps ) he offers to explain himself.
He is, he tells her gently, very red.
And very happy being so for self.
Because he cannot stand himself. He wants,
he says again, himself completely gone.
to be himself and be complete  The fonts,
however faintly, shimmer over dawn.
The garden, meanwhile, closes slightly, leaves,
itself begins to gather light. And eaves.

sometimes they seem, exhausted by unseen,
unknown, external causes, even tho,
inside, the engine is engaged in keen,
internal labor, even tho' for years,
beneath the surface, under many coats,
beneath the very noses, noses' ears,
of thousands, thousands, of unseen he goats,
beneath the noses of unseen he goats,
unseen beneath the noses of the' boats.

indeed " he answered, smiling sadly. He,
indeed. He had become, within the bare,
concrete, metallic chambers of that tree,
another person, almost as divine.
He had become the spirit of his place.
And even as he answered I had mine,
I entered, even though inside my face,
inside its corners even I could see,
within the corners even he and he.

according, follow after, even now,
whatever follows, after I shall plan,
according to my knowledge, after how,
according unto my desires, this,
according even to desire, comes,
according unto power. Therefore bliss,
because of power, follows, as it sums,
according even to delight, because,
again, again to pleasure power draws.

because the city is congest, he, he,
he, he, he) has decided to have me,
to have you. He is making me his tea,
he, he. I am his wife. He is the size,
he, he. He is, because the city, he,
because, he, having nothing else he tries,
he tries again, again, because he. she,
because she, she. she, she, because she, she,
he, having neither neither, neither he.

you gotta figure it was fun to do,
like I did it, you know, without the lust,
you ever know... I always wanted you,
you never ever wanted money, you,
you, you, you ever, you... you wanna hear?
I always wanted something from you to,
to do, without... without, without and) here,
I never wanted money, I was just,
you ever see... I always, I was thrust.

because of being Jewish, also, he,
descendants of the Virgin, being bald,
was often thought, himself included) v.
I, I believe that Jesus Christ is God,
and Savior of The Human race; and will,
until my dying day, the second rod,
we likewise, glory to The Holy fill.
Amen. I, also, also claim of Right,
Messiah'S Head, by Nature Mary white.

although invited, many, countless time,
although I wonder, why I never knows,
unless I never wanted any crime,
unless perhaps, I always knew myself,
perhaps, perhaps I only acted, so,
forgive my broken grammar, my er( self,
perfect in my perfect behavior. oh,
the weather, oh, my mother dying, her,
the woman I adore with all the fur.

without remorse, translate you to the Greek.
Because I have already done that till,
I am afraid, the effort will be weak.
Because I am ashamed, I have suppressed,
without regret or reason. Therefore, when,
against my better judgement, this has pressed,
with horror I reply, Without the ten,
the thousand voices which proclaimed aloud,
Without the ten apostles, even) loud.

unless I say so! I am tired. Come,
I cannot sleep for horror stories( some,
like this about myself I heard from) from,
about the country over there. About,
about, I cannot tell, I really, this,
the weather being so oppressive) out,
away, away. I cannot sleep for miss,
for never never never, always some,
another creature over, over come.

perhaps. Perhaps, alas! I never shall.
I never will again. Alas for lot!
Alas for lot, alas, alas my pal,
alas, Alas for lot! Alas for lot!
Alas, alas! alas! alas, my dear!
alas! forever. Never, always not!
alas! forever! never! never fear,
forever, always! ever. Never, not!
alas! eternal! never, ever spot.

before, the honor only of the first,
and even after I received the glad,
the happy greeting only, after thirst,
before beginning, I remember, had,
before the battle even, for myself,
before the onset of the combat clad,
and even to the finish even) self,
before the onset, even even, self,
I cannot recall it; but as the elf.

or only very clever, maybe, who,
exactly, was he-- William Collins may,
himself, have wondered so himself. But you,
perhaps already have your own confused,
and even deeper, story. I suppose,
indeed-- I never did discover( used,
instead, sometimes to say, perhaps) the rose,
the only flower I have ever found,
exactly, either truly common ground.

according, also spoken, in respect,
to persons of distinction. Therefore far,
in reason, we may say that in our sect,
among our nation also, persons are,
according unto merit only, called,
and never other fashion ever) far,
alas! the very highest, as we hauled,
without the city walls and open plains,
the iron anchor, only fitted pains.

except perhaps machines, are really " dead,
and whether other living creatures( mind,
emotions, organs) really " function ed,
and function freely) I have always been,
and ever will be, deeply troubled, not,
perhaps, by what appears to be my sin,
but rather, being human being caught,
entangled, in appearance by the sins,
and errors of the many, in their spins.

which is the same in all directions round,
should blow against the vessel. Even blind,
and seeing nothing other in his sound,
the sailor, hearing only his command,
perceived that he required rescue; so,
approaching with the vessel duly planned,
and only so was driven. Even though,
without assistance, he himself should strike,
without his striking any others  bike.

and " Nature? Maybe it has something, now,
to Do, with Roman honour, Gothic quest,
and English sunshine. I remember how,
in Roman barracks at Had Alpha, one,
upon my saying " I am writing this,
for Fortune, on her page appeared with none,
another, saying likewise, I have bliss,
upon her favour, in composing this,
and seeing her delight in writing bliss.

but he possessed it) he was going home,
and he was going to deliver fresh,
delicious victims into your to roam.
And you were to receive each infant, fresh,
without reserve. I never even heard,
before the baby of my sister flesh,
of any one of you, unless he stirred,
or was unable even for an eye,
an arm, an arm and shoulder. He would lie.

because I wanted them) I started out,
alone and frightened, knowing only we,
together in that moment of that rout,
possessed the only option. I was not,
however, fully certain whether this,
in hindsight, mattered: I had always bought,
myself and others had assured my bliss,
because I needed to be wanted; now,
I wondered whether wanting was my cow.

alas) and after him the second man,
and after him again another speaks,
until the darkness closes over than.
And as the darkness settles down, behold,
behold another image shining, white,
and shining with peculiar glory bold,
above the others flaming. It was bright,
because it was immortal, being God.
It never needed to awake and nod.

instead of walking backward into camp,
was very tired after walking) lay,
instead, on benches waiting till the damp,
the muddy air of morning should restore,
restore themselves again. Because of this,
the soldiers often listened for her door,
expecting her arrival, waiting miss,
until they noticed that she had indeed,
arrived. Because of her arrival need.

as I have said above) because of this,
because of other causes, therefore hot,
and cold are also subjects, not to bliss,
but rather something evil, namely ill,
because, again ( except according, here,
perhaps, To Plato, whose account of will,
and of condition, we reject) the ear,
because of something finite in extent,
Because the distance which embraces bent.

However if the object is within,
and only from above appears achieved,
because the viewer cannot see up skin,
because the distance varies with ascent,
because the distance is perceived as great,
the object is within. Because it went.
because the object cannot travel straight.
because it is within. Because it went.
because it is above because it spent.

of flowers, flowers, roses. Flowers are,
indeed. I wonder what he is on room,
on sofa? Is that fellow sleeping far,
or eating something other Than dessert?
Perhaps, beneath the evening skies of ice,
He watches us. Perhaps the evening( pert,
impatient) evening star( perhaps the nice,
delicious evening star, Perhaps, perhaps,
the pleasant evening star perhaps. He taps.

indeed. The others are the trouble, they,
because of having given trouble to,
the many, who themselves are troubled day,
and evening, by their many children. They,
moreover, are the trouble, for besides,
the very many children they have slay,
because they wander after having rides,
and coming into certain places. They,
besides that many suffer pain from grey.

you see... I was... asleep, remember, so,
forget I was awake) I was so pause,
so pause before beginning. After though,
before proceeding, I was always, well,
before proceeding. After, questions; then,
an answer; followed by, excuse. I. tell.
I was asleep... asleep, remember when,
forget I was awake before, asleep,
forget I was alive before I keep.

about the matter, only saying he,
himself had taken to the water- lust,
and that his mother was away from me,
and only his paternal uncle, whom,
indeed he knew without appearing so,
was always present in the palace tomb,
disguised as any peasant; therefore though,
perhaps because it happened in his sleep,
the stranger hardly ever uttered) keep.

and therefore likely to provoke the men,
and also to provoke myself and moan,
and also I was hungry after when,
without regret or pity, I received,
without reflection, seven silver marks,
which were enough to ruin me believed,
and I believe that hunger also sparks,
without reflections either on myself,
on others either, whether they have( shelf.

to with with It is very simple when,
as in our English poems. Mr gaps,
perhaps) it cannot be denied. But men,
alas, alas, the human creatures are,
alas! alas! Alas! I almost fear,
indeed, they are subject alike at par,
without exception. Whether, then. the dear,
familiar figure of the maiden who,
with youthful passion, travels under true.

and therefore dreaming, even though asleep,
was also sleeping, therefore dreaming sleep,
because because because because of) sleep,
because because of, even though awake,
because awake because awake, because,
despite the fact that even children wake,
despite the other children being claws,
despite the children having other friends,
because although awake despite. The- ends.

Inform divided into sectors, Roads,
Bio- and Tele Movement, Nature bars,
The Body, Social comment on our modes,
The Body in the Body, Weather / Crime,
Religion, Social Comments on the News,
Religion / Social Comment, Weather time,
Police Reports, Events, Celeb' and choose,
The Weather / Crime Report: Police Reports,
Events in Cities / Cities in the sports.

perhaps because they cannot handle, are,
perhaps Because they never listen far,
perhaps Because their very presence far,
perhaps Because their absence only seems,
perhaps Because they never were. I know,
because sometimes, alone, I listen dreams,
because I listen distant waters low,
because sometimes I only hear the dream,
sometimes because the water is as theme.

about the middle of July. The day,
before referred again, had lasted wide,
and darkness had attended it to- way,
and morning had arisen at its end.
The little children of the nation are,
indeed, of many ages, many send,
but never many sexes; therefore. far,
indeed. the question cannot rightly, well,
been tackled. Many children are with( tell.

for what avail? for they are only men,
as I myself. And therefore I will cut,
as I began. I have already ten,
and seven daughters. Therefore I shall not,
although afflicted, even if I cut,
continue to endure, unless the lot,
which others are relieved by, alter( what,
alas, alas for Athens! for myself,
lament and anguish I shall ever) self.

but I advise against resistance. We,
the chosen ones of Heaven must have kiss.
The children must obey and never see,
remember nothing. Only Heaven knows.
Remember only that, remember. We,
however many people suffer blows,
believe that only Heaven judges me.
Remember also that the very fact,
whoever judges, judges, judges) act.

however, added after having called,
before he entered, many persons. t.
i. final letter of each line is bald.
The poet never ventured any doubt,
however slight; the reader cannot, then,
suppose, that any moment of their scout,
except at its commencement. After ten,
eleven, even twenty times about,
the reader should expect to read the doubt.

unseen, before the vision, were about,
behold themselves in water, being through,
as living beings are; behold their stout,
their graceful figures, graceful in the waves,
and graceful also, all their members through,
the shoulders, elbows; seeing so in caves,
among enchanted islands, fishes who,
unseen before, before enchantment, came,
behold himself among the shadows same.

alas! that waits upon the nations which,
without the Lord, behold their holy gate,
and enter in, until decay with) rich,
immortal treasure, renders useless, yea,
abort progressive ages. Therefore, ye,
against the evil present, in my grey,
lament- disturbed decade, arise. The sea,
indeed I welcome, for itself, itself,
itself is sacred; yet, because my self.

myself) and even better, never had.
Because I never had the chance or won.
I always wanted to believe it bad.
Because it always is. I never want,
because I cannot ever be allowed.
Sometimes I wonder if I am the font,
because I cannot write, about the crowd,
because I always write alone and do.
Sometimes, I wonder, if it matters. who.

I wonder if I can return your call!
I never wanted to believe you live!
I wonder why I ever worried) all,
except the final moment, I believe,
is written by an artist who believes,
despite whatever reason, that the eve,
the evening, even sunrise is so thieves!
I wonder what you really wanted, what,
perhaps, you even wanted to have shut.

indeed) preserved without disease, unless,
indeed, disease destroy the person) he,
moreover ( being mortal ) having less,
himself by sickness, sickness of despair,
despair of finding pleasure, sickness, so,
by excess of enjoyment, even where,
indeed, he may possess it, being's owe,
as I maintain, alike to Heaven ( who,
indeed confess that Heaven is) and. true.

you guessed it : money ; money money. So,
instead of working, writing, thinking man,
you could have worked, you could... have married( oh,
you thought about it, marriage sounded so,
so good) and had the children, maybe some,
perhaps, and money, money, even though,
of you as father only you had come,
because... because, because, you were afraid,
because... you were... you are ashamed to trade.

until I saw the movie, I presume,
although perhaps I have already for,
perhaps before I was alive and whom,
perhaps, I never even knew. Because,
perhaps because I was already, what,
sixteen, and even then, perhaps I pause,
as I sometimes did then among my) cut,
perhaps I linger over, maybe just,
whatever happened after I had- trust.

before you even notice, they become,
themselves, opaque, and you become the when,
behind the why. Because behind your thumb,
behind each little finger is the where.
Because you never notice, never see,
until you happen to be standing square,
directly facing someone you have. three.
bananas on your shoulder; maybe you,
alone in darkness, never notice. two.

perhaps: without appeal, or no excuse.
Without exception, also, any jeans,
because they always go on after use.
Without appeal implies regret, because,
without exception: people wear the jeans,
because it never happens to be paws,
or any other creatures who would) means,
without appeal implies regret, because,
because they happen always after) pause.

and red; and orange; yellow. Flowers are,
however, not abundant, even dead.
The yellow yellow yellow flowers far,
and near, The orange yellow orange close,
the flower close again, The flowers are,
alas again, again, alas. They dose,
alas alas, again. The flower far,
alas again alas, The flowers close,
again, alas. The yellow flower dose.

indeed. But only enter- ed. Because,
although, perhaps because of something got,
because, again Because. I cannot pause,
because. Again because, Because, Again,
Because because. Again Because because.
Because because, because because of when,
Because because of when, Because  of pause,
Because of silence, Silence being more,
of more. I entered, enter, entered- for.

the matter of the matter of the stars,
about which they sometimes inform the drought,
the weather, even our domestic cars,
about the matter, matter of about,
about, the stars perhaps, perhaps the stars,
about which even children know as bout,
about which children never ever cars,
about about the matters of the stars,
perhaps about which even babies' cars.

because of its resemblance, to the song,
performed at midnight, by Luis and bis,
before Luis departed for the long,
eternal homeland of the guilty souls,
beyond our reach or knowledge, even though,
according unto Jewish mystic scrolls,
eternal also in the human. so,
Luis departed into Egypt, whence,
alas! I never did receive his) thence.

It is like seeing someone newly born.
The other day the other women. who?
The others. Women who were never worn.
They never had been worn. And never shall.
Because they never had become so much.
So much became themselves. So very cal.
And also never ever. Only such.
And never ever. Never. Never. Not.
And also never. Only never got.

alas! is always speaking to the man,
and never listens any longer- we,
alas again, because our voices. can.
be heard) and therefore, after saying this,
she goes away without another word.
and follows slowly, very sorrow' vis.
alone along behind her, leaving third,
behind, her husband; who is also gone,
because his beauty, which was his in pawn.

against his holy temple- temple- wall,
and there against his holy altar sod,
and in his holy service, even all,
the sacred service, even all, that he,
the mighty father of creation made,
and fashioned out in Heaven; yea by me,
against the holy angels of his aid,
against their holy army that resist,
against the army of redeemed and missed.

my darling child, to me; I have enjoyed,
myself enjoy the present pleasure. to,
myself, the future trouble, I shall void,
myself enjoy, and empty into air.
I am afraid, indeed, that you delight,
myself enjoy; you seem so lovely- faire,
without the shadow even, therefore- quite,
without the shadow, even, of regret.
Indeed I cannot say enough in debt.

and thunder is the constant under wind,
and lightning never ceases to the) hear,
behold! the angel, seated in an) mind,
and seated, looking into his, declares,
that he, himself conceived, was given, born,
before himself was here, and was of) tears,
declares himself himself the spirit borne,
and born among the) nations. He again,
departing for another quarter when.

again in order, I began to feel,
among my children even younger then,
the hunger for the summer, hunger real,
the body real, the hunger, hunger, not,
alas! imaginary only. Then,
before I ever noticed, even. got,
before the summer, summer even when,
again before the winter, summer had,
again begun, again began the sad.

for leaving this apartment complex, which,
aside perhaps from having nothing he,
I love and have been meaning, even ditch,
because I cannot bear to be without,
is simply this: Because I have been, now,
forever, never able, even out,
alone among the mountains, ever) how,
without you, even for an evening ( What?
you haven' even finished telling cut.

are ready, little boys; and ready, dear,
beloved. And ready to obey the ten,
eleven years, and growing, little deer,
and very gentle rabbits; very tame,
indeed. But gentle rabbits cannot eat,
indeed. And tender little rabbits came,
with many questions, often asking meat.
And gentle rabbit hunted all the land,
until, afraid of rabbits in his hand.

of any one beside himself, without,
perhaps another person standing) made,
as he imagined, by his genius stout,
and by the force of reason, tender; so,
indeed, appears from what has been displayed,
And then, behold, behold the woman. o,
believe it who may, yet believe with aid,
Without assistance of another, who,
indeed! himself unknown to her and you.

and even as he teaches others, who,
themselves, profess to worship Jesus lamb,
without regard to persons; even do,
without regard, the very thing he taught,
deny, defy; and say that others, he,
himself among the other servants ought,
himself except, against the prophets be,
and others also, even he alone,
against eternal ruin; therefore own.

above. I am afraid. Sometimes it rains.
Sometimes I cannot recall my goodbye.
Because of this, I often do my pains,
alone, alone without perfume, behind.
Because I cannot always be alone.
I am sometimes afraid of being kind.
Sometimes because I cannot be. It shone.
Because I am sometimes afraid of not.
Because of being tired. It was hot.

He never ever ever never spoke.
I only saw the little baby miss.
Sometimes he wanted pancakes, pancakes broke.
Sometimes instead of syrup he had fruit.
Sometimes instead of jelly his was fruit.
Sometimes his diaper was another root.
His blanket never had an edge to suit.
Sometimes his diaper even shifted. Then,
instead, instead, instead, instead. His when.

like candy; maybe I imagined this,
but only in my nightmares did the three,
or four- or six- or twelve- and twenty kiss,
or seven, seven, thirty, always so,
forever never ending; never not,
until the morning of tomorrow no,
the very next, or next- and so to) got,
before the wedding even ( I forgot,
it happens so sometimes, sometimes and caught.

sometimes, like little angels, with the bright,
translucent skin and angel faces shook,
sometimes, like water shaken by the night,
sometimes like little devils shaking loose,
sometimes, sometimes. Sometimes, sometimes) the small,
perfect, transparent women. Women use,
perhaps sometimes, perfume, perhaps the tall,
perfect and fragile women, maybe, some,
perhaps. I never saw perfume at from.

is for your safety, therefore any risk,
regardless, you accept. Because you learn,
whatever happened to you is your disk,
and nothing else. Whatever happened, you,
whatever happened. Therefore, you return.
And, therefore, nothing happened. Nothing) to,
because you never wanted any burn,
you wanted to escape the constant fear,
and never wanted children either near.

Details, Toronto, Volume, Number) Page,
Detail, Toronto : Oxford Uni wage,
Edition, Volume, Number, Author stage,
Details Details Details details, detail,
details Details detail details, Details,
Details Details, Toronto : Oxford fail,
Toronto : Penguin Classics, Page and sales,
Details Detail Details details details,
Details Details Details Detail and sales.

I cannot. Even if I did I am.
I am inside the body of the. these.
I am behind the curtain of my gram.
I never even entered. I. I. am.
inside. my body even when. inside.
my. self. inside myself I cannot slam.
myself. against my. self because my side.
is. broken even. worse because my. side.
is even further broken than my bride.

for I am weary of the living God,
afraid to follow him because he who,
according to his promise promised pod,
I am about again to see, the same,
again condemned before the Judgment Throne,
according unto Daniel, Daniel) name,
behold, according to the promise known,
according even to the saying which,
as Daniel, Daniel, even unto witch.

The letter followed. Follow letter. Then,
again before again. And so. I then,
again until. Until. Again again.
Until again, before again, Until.
Again until. And over, over, till.
Again until. And never. Never til.
Forever. Till forever over til.
Forever til until. And ever, till.
And never, ever over, ever will.

because I am already single, he,
the rabbi of the future, whispers slim,
commanding) I already know your knee,
I am already naked under you,
I will remain that way, forever. You,
already married, are aware that two,
divorced or married, are considered two.
I, also married, am already, you,
already single. Only this is true.

or haven, maybe, haven' written, you,
because, whatever else you be and lot,
whatever else you be about I do,
whatever other matter there may well,
however briefly, happen, never mind,
forget about that) you were also l.
to me, I was to someone I was blind,
until I was eighteen. Until eighteen.
Before I was sixteen, before my teen.

he said, the only way I ever had,
to get to know myself was through the small,
specific, often painful changes) bad,
sometimes mundane details of others, which,
because of language issues only, he,
unlike himself and other people rich,
had never needed ever. He could see,
without apologizing for his bad,
sometimes obscure, detail, himself and add.

sometimes, it is important to be free,
it is essential to preserve the flow,
and even under prison, even. e.
Because of this condition even when,
sometimes I feel myself escaping by,
pretending that, because I cannot then,
because it would appear that I am. i.
Because of my condition I sometimes,
because of this condition even' times.

themselves begin, as if, before they knew,
they knew, about themselves begin. The play,
the action of creation is the true,
the only actor. It creates the scene,
creates events. It also changes them.
It is itself created by the screen,
by its projections. Therefore any gem,
however, cannot really matter, can,
indeed must always be considered than.

and vanished from the view, before we knew,
or seemed aware of any such le drawn.
Upon another summit we did view,
upon another summit, other still,
another mountain taller than the last,
but over heaven, over ocean hill,
upon the summit looking north the mast,
upon that south projecting mountain we,
upon the mountain taller even. t.

wherever it was, never noticed, they,
or any of the others, even) where,
among, and over, people always say,
among, above, below the river there,
among, below it people never say,
among the buildings, people, under where,
among the columns people, under. they,
among among among beneath beneath,
beneath below below below the teeth.

before, Before, behind, before and, well,
behind before, Before, behind. And' dis,
before the coming into any hell,
before the going into any hell,
before, behind and after dis before,
before, above and falling under- well,
above, below, before before and for,
behind and falling after, falling, well,
behind and after falling. Well. The. hell.

you see, the women who have babies are,
indeed, asleep, except for those that pause,
awake and ready to embrace and far,
beyond embrace and far, to carry them,
because the water, flowing freely, will,
indeed. Continue, even as the stem,
the water flowing freely, even fill,
the water hollow, filling even so,
the water hollow even deeper though.

upon account thereof... is very much,
indeed extremely, in the right with none.
However many people are on touch,
and even after they are married they,
according even unto God, remain.
Moreover, marriage is appointed- yea,
ordained by power of divine Will main,
whereas divorce, according unto wit,
according unto will of men is it.

himself, became, according unto God,
without redemption. Romans color. c.
i: Romans are of color. Color sod.
Compare to Matthew Henry, Comment: Luke,
i. Download Romans, color version, part.
discretion of the ancient Jews- I luc.
i, where we find the reason of their heart.
Compare with Matthew Herman, Roman- Jew.
Reply. Reply. Reply to Romans- who.

perhaps, is making something of his own,
although perhaps it has become as we,
unable any further contact known,
regard his picture only. I suppose,
however, that he cannot recall, nor,
indeed, to what it might have led or those,
his children being children, children four,
eleven, seventeen and thirty two.
I recall, also, nothing of my new.

or only very pleasant, very) he,
himself, began, himself himself the low,
the hollow, self- involved subject he. me,
myself, himself himself, himself, himself,
himself, himself. Perhaps it really seems,
in some perverse reversal, to have self,
itself, and be itself, itself. I dreams,
myself, and dreams themselves begin again,
myself begin, begin myself. I then.

because... Because they were afraid, and he,
you, being handsome, handsome handsome though,
and also very clever in his free,
and also very clever also when,
and also very clever in his sleep,
was very often tired of the then,
the other clever men, because you keep,
you always, always keep surprising him,
and always being startled, always grim.

alas! alas! the second bottle, which,
alas again, must leave behind the thing,
and I can only promise you that) rich,
intense sensations of delight arise,
and after leaving those, behold the Third,
which is the shadow, ever darker) rise,
envelop- ed with those, around the bird,
and so remain around that figure, till,
at distance growing longer ( I could fill.

or woman looking in another, so,
I cannot answer that without the. can.
however, tell about the feeling no.
I never wanted to, but I was, you,
myself, and I suppose I never had.
perhaps because you are familiar too,
and even if you never wanted bad,
you always wanted good, and always tried,
and therefore always suffered, never died.

like Elvis ) I was thinking maybe you,
instead thereof, perhaps you really pool,
like super hero, with the super who,
today, for no especially valid, though,
excuse I said excuse because I am,
you see, whatever you were doing so,
instead thereof, whatever you are damn,
whatever any of you even, now,
are ever even, now that summer how.

without remark about it, added this,
without remark about it, after she,
in order, in accordance with his kiss,
had given over her opinion, he,
without regret or even notice, had,
without remorse about himself for three,
fifteen, sometimes perhaps as much as glad,
fifteen, perhaps perhaps again fifteen,
decades before, become involved in clean.

however, only after many days,
returned again, because the people- we,
however, having entered in to praise,
began returning unto Moses, when,
behold, the Holy One descending drew,
according to the instant which had ( then,
behold, behold again- upon his new,
upright, upright direction drawing still,
until the upper regions, valleys will.

it never happened, never even came,
it never even passes into kiss,
it passes, into other stories same,
another novel) passing into, one,
another into. Into into. One,
already empty bottle into done,
already empty into other un.
Already empty bottle waiting, one,
awaiting, waiting for, another done.

the father, was the father, even, he,
himself the very father, of that we,
his children also, call today by we,
the women of today the children. He,
himself the living living living, he,
his children being living living. we,
the women, women, women, living we,
alive alive today today alive,
together living living living. live.

without delay, the other, even he,
the fellow, entered into battle when,
without surprise, upon his sudden. me,
and other servants, many of the same,
against his will, began the battle. He,
however valiant he appeared in fame,
in battle never suffered damage- ne,
however noble he appeared, himself,
without reserve, inflicted lasting shelf.

before the Civil war. I was afraid.
Before that, I had wanted freedom now.
Before, I had become afraid. I made,
before that. After that before, I made.
Before, I wanted something, after, what,
again? Before I wanted freedom prayed,
I hated freedom. I remember shut.
Before that, I remember being shut.
Remember having nothing. After what.

but after he did, it became an old,
forgotten business, I admit it) he,
because of something that had happened told,
began avoiding me. He also had,
before I knew, another husband; he,
before he knew ( before the marriage bad,
begun because I wanted something) we,
before we married even dated; he,
I dated after he began to me.

and still I saw before my eyes. The same,
again before another image draw,
unless that others with themselves of fame,
before the altar, were already slain.
And after this the holy sisters three,
and Mother Mary who of them is main,
began again the ancient song with. v.
inter recess Ident myself among,
and enter through my inner portals young.

and thus began anew his story new.
And, first, I might remark in answer can,
he being neither able, willing. true,
sufficient, willing. reason, cause. And, first,
I must confess that neither nature, art,
myself ( Because I am myself But worst,
because I can but worst) can either heart,
or mind allow. But, knowing neither right,
mistake, excuse. And therefore, knowing quite.

because I have forgotten, I am not,
myself. Because I have forgot that self,
Because the very nature is so hot,
because the essence is sublime. I will,
I will, because the nature of the light,
because the nature is perfect as still,
Because I cannot open my delight,
because the very being is perfect,
because it cannot suffer further wrecked.

because the future cannot be contained,
and nothing is eternal. Therefore) self,
itself eternal. Nothing cannot stained.
Because it is the nature, nothing, not,
itself eternal, cannot suffer, can,
because eternal nature is. But blot,
itself Eternal. Nothing can be man,
himself eternal. Only, nothing, can.
Because, because eternal nothing. man.

he, he, he. He, he started, he. He, you,
I mean, I started, too, before you we,
together, we together started too,
together started, started. He before,
he, he, they all before, before, he. He,
they started. He, before, he, they. They for,
before together. He, before they. we,
together started. We together, we,
we started too before together. he.

among the nations, any people which,
although possessed of Asia as her kind,
does not respect, in silence at the rich,
the noble, even as she does her own,
and only wishes to display therein,
without distinction of condition known,
the riches, wisdom, virtues, of each twin,
without advantage either unto some,
and likewise to himself; whereas the sum.

I never wanted children; I was, she,
herself, confused, confused about her bur,
her husband, children, her career. And we,
we wanted children, even though, because,
because... because. I always hated her,
and always wanted something else. She draws,
sometimes... because... because. Sometimes she' bur,
sometimes... I don' because... sometimes because.
Sometimes I hate... sometimes... because she draws.

you see! Because, sometimes again! Sometimes,
sometimes forever, always, always hot,
sometimes, forever! Always! Never times,
but only always! Never, ever, no,
forever! Never, no! Forever, yes!
forever, yes again forever) so,
because of my costumes, because of. dress,
because, because because, Because, Because,
Because. Sometimes I wonder whether laws.

because they told their story. I am told,
sometimes. Sometimes, because sometimes. And no,
it will be better, maybe, if it hold.
Because it always has, sometimes; sometimes,
because it holds. Sometimes, sometimes. Because,
again because because. Again and times,
again because again because for laws,
because, again because again because.
Again, because because because. The laws.

except affection, even when it meant,
sometimes enough. Sometimes I wanted such,
sometimes because of other reasons) went,
sometimes alone and never thinking why,
sometimes because I was afraid to be,
and other moments merely restless by.
Sometimes, because my parents wanted me,
I stayed beyond the shortest absence. When,
sometimes, because my parents were at then.

because... I never wanted them, I guess,
although... because I wanted nothing m,
because I was... I never even s,
because... I wanted nothing, really. No,
because I never even really thought,
about myself... because I never so,
until... because until that very) brought,
because... I never even so, before,
because... because I wanted to. And  for.

The second moment, being also " last,
repeats the moment that began. It came,
before another instant of the vast,
eternal moment of the moment, which,
beginning only, cannot enter back,
without repeating something that has pitch,
without another instant of its lack.
The second moment is the moment " last,
before another moment, only past.

and he began to say to me in verse,
beginning thus and singing to his she.
I never yet began before my nurse,
or other shepherd, any song or tale,
But ever have desired only, sick,
or wounded, to behold The kingdom) pale,
dismay, without perfume, before the prick,
Of having any pain, or any sting.
Alas for any pleasure, seeing thing.

and even after, even after you,
before you even, after me. And who,
exactly, am we writing here at. who,
exactly? I suppose, we never quite,
exactly figured out, precisely? We,
the writers, we supposed we figured right,
we figured, figured, right. Except. We see,
we never really know, precisely! Not.
We never figure, figure. We may plot.

and I forgot to turn my head around,
so he appeared in profile. Also blunt.
Because of my confusion. Also round.
Because I wanted someone steady, so,
whatever happened next, would happen fast.
And also, after having spoken low,
because the person in the middle passed.
Because the middle is important) he,
because I was already watching me.

that people are confused between the two,
between you, as the reader, reading ear,
within the poem reading poem) do,
because of that mistake, do, do! Because,
because sometimes it happened, even when,
because because because, Because of pause,
because of silence, silence only then,
because because Because Because Because,
because because, until I cannot) pause.

I see the little faces of the boys,
the little children laughing at the screams,
the bodies flying through my window noise,
until the little faces almost touch,
until I almost open, even though,
despite my efforts to remain on such,
I cannot open, open further so,
until I am inside themselves again,
and open to myself until my men.

I cannot tell exactly how the song,
which is produced in my subconscious had,
until the present crisis happened) strong,
persistent rhythm, something to do, not,
with sorrow, even though it was perhaps,
already there already, something got,
inside, inside, inside, and somehow taps,
produces somehow, rhythm which is not,
itself without that something, rhythm caught.

and vapor pressures, pressure of the air,
and pressure from below, and also beat,
and therefore also friction from our hair,
and therefore likewise friction from our skin,
and therefore also friction during sleep,
because of muscles working during shin,
especially during sleep, and therefore) keep,
because they cannot travel farther, they,
because of vapor friction, water spray.

among the traffic on the motor- home,
an infant crying. I remembered bird,
because sometimes, among my papers roam,
I listen to it calling, calling so,
until I cannot stand alone, until,
distracted, I remember, baby no,
because it cannot fly away. And still,
because it calls again and cannot hear,
until it tires, it continues here.

because it happened only rarely: one,
sometimes, among the many others) so,
between her husband, brother ( also none,
because they were in Europe, also, too,
because the brothers were important men,
because the husband was himself an- drew,
and also also, also other when,
among her sisters, also married, she,
between herself, herself, another. three.

because I am alive, Because the sun,
and other people, are extinguished five,
and other people also perished one,
because I also perish likewise one,
because I live, because it matters not,
Because I cannot vanish into none,
Because the very body cannot rot,
because I cannot crumble into smoke,
and into water into ether choke.

perhaps, is owing to imperfect sight,
perhaps imperfect vision, being) lies,
as it appeared before, beneath the bright,
transparent waters of the ocean ( where,
perhaps because the object was obscure,
the ray, arriving early, had been there,
perhaps delayed arriving for so sure,
so minute, passage, even with the eye,
perhaps delayed behind by clinging dye.

except myself; for never other thing,
however often you examine string,
and even though it answers nothing( bring,
the answer is already there) is there,
except itself, and only self. And so,
I never ever saw the answer where,
before, I only saw, among my no,
among the many reasons for, among,
among the many evils for. I hung.

without becoming them myself) and, when,
in order to become themselves in. m.
the other. I myself am also then,
because, without becoming others ( which,
however happens even to oneself,
according even to the best that  stitch,
without becoming it herself in shelf,
without becoming any others ) one,
oneself becoming other, other none.

because they are ashamed of being so.
Because the women have become like so.
Because they have become like nothing no,
because it is their nature to become.
Because it never was before, because,
before it was, it never was. And come,
because it cannot come enough and pause,
because the moment cannot hold the thought,
because the body never acted taught.

because... Because I don, Because it will,
I promise) I will only say that green,
the colors of that water, are like ill,
like something that is very very sad.
Because... I never wanted any fame,
I wanted simply simply never had.
Because... I cannot say because. It came,
it wanted, wanted very deeply, then,
because, to enter into nothing when.

behind, I know he will return. And so,
despite myself ( I wonder if I) smile,
despite my knowing that I smile in slow,
in trouble. I remember, even, when,
behind my laughter ( laughter that, behind,
is really weeping, weeping that is then,
however gently whispered, greeted lined,
however gently lifted into air,
again becomes another smiling where.

and dreaming, therefore cannot answer you,
and you should gently offer him or sweep,
and sweep again. Sometimes it is as few,
sometimes it is sixteen guitars and drums,
sometimes guitars with voices. Always, you,
because the other party cannot comes.
However often he arrives he too,
because asleep, unable answer, dream.
However many women enter) scream.

himself became aware, and quickly said,
without delay. I never doubted. we,
myself, myself and I alone are red,
and we are moving over into blue.
I never even noticed that before.
I never noticed, even, how I grew.
Before I noticed, I became. And your,
and other men, before myself, myself,
myself. I never even noticed self.

because you were already mine ) I will,
because you never needed something to,
I promise, truly matter to. And still,
because I promised, I am keeping. You,
because I never really needed you,
because, you knowing, even if you do,
because I promise, even after to,
because again I promise. Even though,
because you never truly needed so.

again. another; only it became,
again and ever onward after when,
without cessation ever after came,
and always came another picture; then,
again, another; only it appeared,
appeared again without cessation when,
within itself, without inter and weird,
within and over, over, after which,
within itself and ever onward rich.

immortal father, Mr William Pitt.
Perhaps he also has another eight,
perhaps another thirty- four or it,
perhaps another eighty- six or more.
Perhaps he even rises higher, sir,
perhaps I was confused about the score.
Perhaps he also happens, Mr der,
to be the second greatest living Scot,
perhaps he also happens also. not.

because it was deserved, because, because,
I never wanted nothing else. I can,
however briefly, present you the flaws,
the many little errors, glaring, oh,
so glaring, errors so apparent, you,
yourself would blush. You never noticed though,
perhaps because I always acted. who,
himself but only acting, only made,
the many little, tiny errors laid.

He wanted something to do, something more,
until he found it, maybe, walking brown,
already tired of the same. He tore,
already tired, yellow pages torn,
already looking for the answer so,
already tired of pretending born,
already ready to become. And no,
he never tires of pretending. No,
today, he never tires of his so.

because... Because I haven? Maybe, just,
I haven; nothing really changes bruised,
except the weather. Nothing changes dust,
except... Sometimes I think I really do,
believe it. Maybe nothing changes, then.
Because I really haven? Nothing) you,
I promise. I am only human when,
alone, afraid, I cannot handle what?
Because sometimes... Sometimes I think I cut.

alas! the very moment I forgot,
until the moment of forgetting) will,
without the least assistance of my plot,
unfold before my vision, as unfold,
unfold, unfolding over time, the whole,
unfolding into greater beauty old,
familiar, ancient, ancient in so) soul,
the story of creation, story, soul,
unfold, reveal itself in me in whole.

alas! is also true of many who,
alas again! do nothing worthy fame,
but only merely glory greatly due,
and only little honour also due,
to honest persons never vicious: so,
indeed, does very often happen) do,
however-- only listen-- only no,
I cannot-- never will-- believe, indeed,
that I shall ever, ever, under feed.

because it sounded funny, I forgot,
I never really recall, I forgot,
forget whatever I was doing not,
whatever happened to whatever, not,
forget whatever, any more of what,
because forget is always equal caught,
whatever any more belonged to shut,
whatever any more belongs, belong,
belong, to any other meaning strong.

However, even after falling, one,
because of darkness falling, cannot calls,
because the distance cannot travel done.
However even though it cannot call,
because it is already very far,
because of darkness fallen it can fall,
because it cannot get away. For are,
because we are, together. Darkness, which,
because it cannot travel any ditch.

myself) began collecting money, which,
among themselves, became their money) won,
among themselves. Among their children rich,
among the very very young, among,
among. And never having to endure,
because they never really had to young,
themselves. Among themselves among each sure,
among themselves, among each able. They,
amongst themselves amongst each certain way.

sometimes ) I wonder what it feels like, this,
the woman who has never been the she,
the woman whose entire life was kiss,
and kiss again and kiss forever; this,
the woman whose existence is the one,
perfect exception; maybe I could kiss,
forever, her, forever, even run,
forever, even walk, until her blood,
forever, almost seemed exhausted flood.

it always wants to settle down) until,
like children, it begins demanding small,
exact amounts, until, exhausted still,
it only wants to settle down enough,
until, like women, its demands become,
instead of simply fewer, larger stuff.
Because, again, the human body some,
perhaps, of us possesses is designed,
instead of being content to be mind.

become himself alone in heaven. He,
yourself described, as being of a'n n.
The angel Michael therefore having. me,
explained myself, and asking him about.
The angel Michael answered me. That he,
himself was Michael. Michael was the doubt,
which into nothing having passed and. be.
Because he had observed the creature ( him,
because I was alone. Because) I) swim.

forget! Forget whatever is upon!
Remember nothing, Nothing is so let!
Remember only, Only nothing on!
Remember, Nothing on! Remember, then,
remember! Nothing on is let, Forget,
Forget, forget, Forget again and n.
Forget! Remember Nothing on Is set!
Remember nothing, nothing on! And so,
because of this I never tire o.

the people, being dead and gone away,
the people being many thousands- say,
about fifteen, sixteen- sixteen and may,
about sixteen, about eighteen, eighteen,
about perhaps about about eighteen,
about eighteen, perhaps about sixteen,
sixteen and twenty- two. And many green,
about fifteen or twenty, twenty years,
perhaps between sixteen- like- twenty ears.

And he himself is never wholly free,
but always is becoming less and part,
and always going over into sea.
And he himself, indeed he never knows,
because he cannot be aware, because,
indeed he cannot even be with' those,
with those beloved companions whom he draws,
because they are asleep again, and are,
indeed upon their faces sleeping far.

but always as the picture in the mind,
the picture of himself in his in flight,
and always after supper) he is blind,
he is insane. He is insane, insane,
insane because he cannot see. He will,
however; he is going mad in vain.
He never was accustomed, during still,
disturbed or busy moments, never had,
to use the service of the mirror) bad.

before) he started to explain himself.
He started with his name, and then I. in,
because he was already speaking self,
before, around himself, inside himself,
without himself around. Because he had,
himself inside himself, become the self,
around himself. Before, he was in bad,
around- himself- before, around, inside,
inside- before, inside himself and tied.

in Spirit: Being Extra- domin let,
apart, from heaven; by which title do,
perhaps ( Almighty being, better) yet,
perhaps, above dominion; from the rest,
by reason being reckoned lowest, so,
by certain reason given; Adam) lest,
in honour lower seated then her' foe,
she glory higher: Honour due she, while,
esteem in devils living highest( style.

however, will enjoy the freezing cold.
Remember that. Because you never knew.
Forever. Nothing ever freezes old.
Because, remember nothing really dies.
Because, because because because. You will.
Because you always were immortal lies.
Because because Because because you still,
forever, wander over frozen ground.
Because because Because, remember sound.

I often dream myself afloat on one,
perhaps with someone I remember. e.
Alas, alas! I cannot enter none.
Alas again... Alas... Alas again!
Alas forever, ever) I am so,
so lonely, always being thirsty when,
and only then ( alas again and oh,
alas again! Alas forever! ah,
alas... Alas forever, ever ha.

and listen to the story, only, till,
upon my knees again I listen) these,
i' faith, the story tires you. But still,
before we further go upon the path,
I must remind your senses that the moon,
as common reason would dictate you hath,
at this event horizon only( tune,
as you behold it, to her story, will,
and beauty) hath in her ascending still.

the spirits of deceased companions, whom,
upon their meeting with the fishes scraps,
they honoured with lament and weeping womb,
perhaps, with other actions proper there,
perhaps away from home to journey, when,
returning, each had given over care,
and, leaving children in their houses ten,
eleven years, perhaps away to war,
perhaps to other regions even- more.

the poet added nothing new ) was not,
alas! the author. He himself had shown,
beyond debate or even hope or plot,
that his poetic powers were acute,
acute indeed compared to common sense,
acute compared to any human fruit,
acute compared with water, even tense,
compared with air... but he himself confessed,
himself admitted having been in quest.

because of being many) I am, now,
the smallest person on record with- thus,
without the power, therefore only how,
or license to determine what I can,
or cannot do, because, without the means,
without ambition of position than,
I cannot measure any limit genes,
without ambition, to attain, without,
ambition only, to become. The out.

essays and speeches, many studies) by,
among the other scholars mentioned sorts,
among which only one may be at. my,
however I have often heard it claimed,
and often have myself reported. He,
however ( Friedrich Wilhelm, father famed,
perhaps because of his religious. e.
On other grounds I would prefer the use,
myself believe myself entitled loose.

because... Because I was ashamed. And, well,
because it simply was untrue that no,
I really never really, really) fell,
and after being buried under, well,
I don; I never really wanted them,
because... Because I really wanted) fell,
I wanted something better. Something. m.
But something never happened: never, still,
the baby never really happened till.

I always am surprised by something. You,
perhaps, will be amazed by something long.
Sometimes, I am afraid. I never knew,
until today: that people can become,
inside themselves alone inside their head,
so many versions of oneself that come,
instead and somewhere, almost, as it said,
together with reality. That, too,
was easy. I am writing you the new.

alone, alone. She never suffers. She,
because. Her, never happens. Her and fur.
Her body fur. Her, never happened three,
because because. Because. because. because.
Because. Because because, Because because.
because because. because, her only flaws,
are surface. Her imperfect body flaws.
Because, her body flawless only when,
she never, only never happened then.

religion, social Comment, Heroes, Tree,
Religion, Other sacred trees of heart,
Hawaiian, Poly Christian, Other free,
religious, Other tongues, Hawaiian Names,
Hawaiian Language, Language of the Sea,
Hawaiian Weather, Weather in  The games,
traditions, customs, Other Islands see,
Religion in Hawai'I, Islands Names,
Religious Climate in Hawaiian games.

because) he always answered better, more,
perhaps, because he always answered( track,
before and after, progress, any score,
before, before the picture, any, all,
before the pictures ever happened) He,
because the picture always happens small,
because the picture always happened free,
because he only answered free because,
because, Because. Because because he draws.

alone. Alone! alone! alone! Alone!
Alone alone alone alone. I own,
indeed, that heaven, being over grown,
Is hardly any longer lovely. Yet,
alone! Alone! Alone! alone alone!
alone. I only have myself. I let,
I yield. Perhaps, I never shall have own.
Alone! alone! alone! together! all!
myself. I never had companions fall.

perhaps, as many things, perhaps, without,
without desire, even if the three,
without desire being easy out,
without demand without supply. Without,
without without. I never was within,
I always am within. Without is out,
inside, within. Without without. And in,
without inside, without inside. Because,
because without is out within. I pause.

and he, himself alone, remained, to guard,
preserve, defend, deliver them from dread.
And truly mighty was that peril hard,
and great desire. Many thousands fell,
and more besides, that fearful combat, yet,
alas indeed! beyond his powers- well,
beyond the utmost power even) met,
and he himself received fifteen of such,
besides another seven of the) much.

indeed; and yet his poems, though sometimes,
like others of their kind ( The only lot,
perhaps except, in Europe, I might crimes,
and poster faces with the devil) show,
that even under torture of the sense,
and even under torture only so,
the poets still retain their moral fence.
And therefore even if we venture ( Though,
alas indeed so very nearly go.

alas, alone in having suffered. He,
indeed. Was always lonely, always caught,
forever running from himself or me.
He never married. He became an aunt.
He was alone forever, always, when,
perhaps he was relieved, alone for) plant,
or when I was, for dinner, lonely then,
alone until the final lonely walk.
He was, alas, forever lonely) talk.

without reserve; and pronoun' any word,
however vulgar. He is also hard,
however gentle spoken unto) heard,
however silent, even by the hand,
however many women favour; which,
however many women pity stand,
becomes his habit even more. His rich,
majestic bearing never changes; nor,
except his business, is he seen before.

instead of changing color during this,
remained exactly yellow all of. my.
entire evening, rather : I have piss,
I think. about my liver ; any more,
and I shall vomit it again upon.
whatever it may be, whatever for.
whatever reason : nothing will be on.
the. table ; therefore nothing will remain.
however. even : therefore : therefore pain.

alas, are raven' driven hither. They,
alas. Alas for children! Children may,
indeed. Alas, alas! alas the way,
alas, alas, to happy childhood, may,
indeed. Perhaps, indeed. Indeed, alas!
Alas for children! Children may. And they,
alas! Alas for little people cas.
They are indeed, alas, alas! indeed,
alas, alas. They cannot, therefore need.

before the others; for behold I stand,
behold I speak, before you I will do,
and even after, after you have planned,
and others hinder you, behold I come,
before I ever travel other way,
behold I fall asleep, before my from,
before another from myself shall say,
before another be created, say,
behold the Father, Father even they.

and under water, into water, then,
again above the waters. Water clocks,
however, cannot tell you how or. when,
or whether, water pressure will allow,
again above or into, you, again,
above or deeper under waters how,
and whether you will rise again. You when,
again, because you are yourself again,
because you have forgotten how and when.

however many roses there are, not,
alas indeed preserve my body still,
because I have forgotten how it got,
and whether any longer I shall live,
or only only never have become.
But never having tasted pleasure strive,
alas, to perish of regret for come.
And therefore I desire, fearing not,
alas indeed, to die, although I got.

yourself, are being, in another sense,
by virtue only you yourself have true,
perfect identity with your in hence,
yourself alone existing, only you,
yourself, exist in your external parts,
in your sensations ; therefore also true,
complete identity exists in hearts,
in passions only, only they are you,
your very essence only you are. true.

the baby, lying on the woman who,
before her, carried it, arose in fur,
began to open its translucent blue,
translucent blue. The woman lifted her,
and, holding it between the open palms,
returned the infant, her forearm. The fur,
between the open fingers spreading( moms,
remember, only mothers open palms,
unless another woman carries( moms.

sometimes, I worry is because sometimes,
I worry that the way that I do) may,
sometimes, include the presence, presence times,
the very presence, very presence you,
of something other than yourself: because,
because because because. Sometimes the too,
the also happens. Often, often draws.
Sometimes it happens even when you think,
sometimes, sometimes, because, sometimes. And pink.

and they believed that England was the best,
because they had forgotten how. And we,
we only wanted freedom for Our blessed,
forgetting other brethren, even though,
because of selfish motives, even though,
because we wanted power, even tho,
because of petty motives of our no,
because of selfish ones, we wanted, want,
believe in, follow, even, follow font.

and also, therefore, neither do I, nor,
perhaps before you die you will have to.
Because, moreover, I have given more,
indeed, I have already wasted more,
because, indeed, I never know with what,
myself or others. Therefore, therefore) for,
however careful I suppose you tut,
you always manage somehow to forget,
forget that I remember having let.

av av av" av Av,
av, ap. inter av. ap.
ap, inter ap. inter. The sea,
the sea, the ocean! Ocean of the air!
Av, ap av av, Av,
ap Av Av Av. The pear,
the cherry- berries! Cherry of my sea!
Av Av Av av, Av,
Av av Av, Av ap.

perhaps, they are already flying through,
and maybe they are even here. And air,
and sunlight. Even into outer. you.
And maybe even water. Even down.
inside yourself. inside your stomach you.
And maybe even into outer town.
inside yourself. inside your head. and. who.
are. these are even poems. even. these.
are even pictures of the people. trees.

sometimes the water levels rise, sometimes,
because of climate changes ( Over no,
or only very rarely, does the times,
especially during drought, become so bad,
that people can survive by drinking tea.
However, during drought conditions) had,
until the recent heavy rains and. sea,
because of climate changes ( Over no,
because the water cannot rise. It's low.

indeed ) he never had before; but now,
alas  and well- away  he went to- sea,
to his return unknown, unless it thou,
above  the water, art already there,
and he returned unseen above, or he,
himself, already perished in that air,
or his companions perished also( we,
alas, indeed enough of these have been,
myself amongst their victims, never twin.

Because the other reason is because,
without success in other places so,
so easy, in the very nature laws,
of being able to become, without,
without, success, success without success,
success without, successes so near rout,
success so easy to achieve and guess,
success so common even to am just,
successful, decent person. Even trust.

forget it quickly, quickly, quickly now,
I am exhausted, weary. I have though,
achieved my object quickly. After thou,
my darling daughter, hast begun to learn,
I hurried here, to see her triumph; now,
however, I must hurry elsewhere turn.
Before the evening sunshine, quickly thou,
my little daughter darling, quickly, turn.
Remember me in future also learn.

before I ever enter this. Before.
before another minute, after bliss,
before I enter this. I never wore,
before, before before before, until,
until until until until until.
Until until until. Until. And still,
forever after. I am always still.
Until. Until forever after this.
Forever. After this forever bliss.

because I carry my desires here,
inside my being. Therefore it has self,
itself inside its body. Only( hear,
because I carry my desires, they,
themselves within my hearing, cannot not,
themselves inside my hearing. Only may,
Because they cannot not themselves be got,
inside my body, therefore only they,
inside my being, only I may say.

but never found exactly where) I am,
perhaps forever. Maybe I should leave.
Perhaps, perhaps, perhaps, although it jam.
Perhaps I am already jam. Because,
perhaps because because because because,
although perhaps perhaps although it pause.
Perhaps forever, maybe someday- pause.
Because perhaps because perhaps because,
although forever maybe sometime pause.

unknown, Australia? Surely only dreams,
the visions of an artist who was quote,
before, among the poets of his seems,
as one of those creative spirits which,
without apparent motive other, feed,
and prosper by their own av off pitch,
upon which other angels also need,
and even with delight. And therefore, when,
in his artistic efforts being then.

until tonight, perhaps, because tonight,
he really noticed something) is the two.
The other, never noticed. Never right.
The two together never right because,
again and here, again, and here, the right,
together always wrong because the claws,
the other one has claws. The others white,
together also always black. The one,
together also always yellow) none.

and therefore, even after bathing he,
although his body was completely near,
could not remove his garments, even three,
because they were absorbed within himself,
and therefore he remained uncovered, which,
although he was ashamed of, did to) self,
and even his reflection. Even pitch,
which cannot enter into solid shape,
but follows on the order which we scrape.

before he ever entered into these,
before he was alive and able( had,
perhaps, been able to control his knees,
had been allowed, perhaps) to enter this,
to enter into it without the right,
before the right was given unto kiss,
without consent. Before the water tight,
without undo, inside inside. Without,
inside inside inside, the water out.

before the final curtain closes. There,
behind that curtain hanging over where,
before before before the curtain where,
before, before, the final curtains, there,
behind the curtain where before, before,
before the final curtain where. The air,
the water, being emptied, emptied for,
exhausted, emptied out, consumed. And, then,
without the final, after, after when.

behold! he, also, over all the hills,
And also his companion were in show,
As over many waters rolling' fills,
the Ocean, single- axle spoke aloud,
And over many fishes, rising, showed,
the Heaven, even so, the Father cloud,
The Father, also over many road,
upon himself descended, Even so,
above the human, many other show.

however, only see inside the lake,
and cannot see the bottom of the tree,
although the water almost always) take,
because of this transparent water. This,
however, only happens when it shines.
Because the sunlight cannot pass from piss,
however, water cannot be the signs.
Because the sunlight cannot enter, there,
however cannot also be the air.

because I needed to forget) because,
because I needed to believe. I checked,
and even after checking I was flaws,
I still had holes inside. Inside I checked,
and even after, I continued. No,
I wanted something to defend and wrecked,
I still am ruined even knowing so.
Because I wanted nothing to protect,
because inside inside I always wrecked.

among, my other teachers, people, whom,
among the people, people I have scene,
before another picture, other room,
another country, other landscape, same,
except, however, only seeing them,
among, myself. Perhaps because I came,
amongst the people only after hem,
among myself, perhaps, among myself,
amongst another picture, only self.

he thought to be the only father; he,
alone before himself, alone in hall,
alone in presence. Even as it. p.
The present writer cannot even find,
among her father figures in the sky,
another likeness in the whole He( mind,
wherever it appears) divine supply.
Perhaps the writer of the present may,
hereafter, find occasion to repay.

because I wanted never ever back,
I always carried something extra  learn,
because the very essence is in lack,
because without the essence something  dies,
because the body cannot live unless,
because without desire nothing lies,
because without the body something less,
because without desire nothing can,
because without that nothing can do than.

which are peculiar  to their local  place,
but common  to  another region) brings,
in many local  matters, local grace.
The English language, even in our time,
retains details  which foreign diction  may,
perhaps  hereafter  foreign authors crime,
or fiction ; even our poetic lay,
however filthy, is peculiar. There,
perhaps ( alas! alas again) the fair.

until today) that Jesus never said,
or never even wanted, that the true,
the only kingdom of the heavens( read,
for further comment on the topic) lies,
according to Isaiah. Never say,
because it simply never happened wise,
upright, divine, upright, divine. And they,
the people who believed it( even those,
alas, without sufficient reason knows.

or even should believe, in any god,
although sometimes in early youth it) leave,
and follow me along the garden sod.
I am afraid of nothing here. I am,
however. I am going to be sick.
It cannot, after all, continue slam.
It cannot be that I remember- pick,
and swallow nothing- smaller children, all,
together in the morning light. They call.

as we shall see hereafter, even here,
i cannot tell, from any other. so,
again, we cannot even guess from) hear,
before we even opened it up, what,
indeed! was there inside. however much,
indeed before) October, any) hut,
moreover, even after reading such,
I never opened even one) of those,
except the very letter which is chose.

the other one he never mentioned " he,
again, remarked aloud. The other out,
without delay began to lecture me.
He pointed out the many fatal, blind,
and silly errors I committed, when,
without remorse, without regret I signed,
behind my back. Without permission then,
without regret or pity, I confessed.
Before my parents, strangers after) pressed.

unknown, unknown, unknown, unknown ) and then,
between the bodies, other people known,
unknown unknown. Unknown. Because of men.
Because of other people. Other men.
Because unknown because unknown because,
because unknown because unknown. The then,
between between between between. The laws,
between. Because the then. Between. Between.
Between between. The then. between. The seen.

against the world; and therefore he became,
he was indeed compelled himself by) self,
by something stronger, by himself. For) came,
as it may truly be believed by all,
himself alone against himself alone,
against the very heaven, heaven) small,
and very small, and very helpless throne,
against his very self arose, and thus,
behold, he overcame, he over us.

because it always had been, even when,
in its excitement, it forgot its hair,
its eyebrows, even, after it was ten,
eleven, even twelve, it even had,
in its delusion, taken its relief,
its triumph even into its  like sad,
perfect, perfect despair. It was as brief,
in other ways perhaps as painful. There,
among abandoned buildings in an where.

sometimes together, other times apart,
together other times apart or part,
alone, with other lovers other part,
alone, alone together, with unknown,
unknown, and others, other lovers, not,
and others others others others known,
unknown and others never known and) got,
because I wanna be alone, sometimes,
alone with someone I adore and times.

forget it) I was never lonely, just,
you know... distracted by my own. I go,
to parties, even, where you can be thrust,
without remorse, without remorse beyond,
beyond affection into someone you,
myself ( I never truly wanted blond,
until I met my husband ) never knew.
I never knew until I met myself.
Until we were united we were self.

instead thereof, created money. This,
again, explains the English language re.
the money of today, wherein you miss,
without intending to do likewise. You,
instead thereof, created money, which,
instead thereof again ( Because they too,
themselves were stupid people. Also rich,
because instead thereafter they allowed,
instead of standing up and saying loud.

alas! except perhaps the famous one,
wherein he acted, as I fancy) much,
I think, beyond his credit, having won,
among his other virtues ( Other, not,
alas, expressly listed here, perhaps,
in case it should escape the notice got,
perhaps, unnoticed that he always scraps,
before he writes to some acquaintance " He,
however-- I forget his first- and. e.

herself can make) that her beloved will come,
and marry into something larger he,
Himself, creates anew: the future) some,
however, cannot marry into such,
because their parents, having yielded so,
have little left to give, themselves and( much,
because they never really wanted) know,
moreover, only after many, much,
and many painful, failures, having such.

alas! alas, the liver is, alas!
Alas. The tumor causes many there,
alas. Alas, alas, the liver mass,
the massive liver mass. Alas, again,
alas! Again, again, the massive lump,
the massive tumor. Liver cancer then,
perhaps, is caused, perhaps, perhaps. But jump,
you people, jumping into airplanes, jump,
because the airplane, airplane people lump.

I have decided that it will be wise,
indeed extremely witty business trends,
hereafter to encourage writers lies,
and also ever present them with ( What,
you think I cannot, really, Mr. Scott?
Because, indeed, although I cannot cut,
like Mr Herbert Garner, neither. not,
myself. am able fully fully wise,
completely brilliant, fully able guys.

behold the people lying dead around,
and over all their city rolling when,
behold! the heaven open, open ground,
behold, behold the heavens rolling! Then,
behold the nations scattered; from the east,
behold the Persian princes rolling men,
upon their city lying dead. The beast,
behold the dragon rising, stretching out,
his kingdom unto heaven. Then he drought.

perhaps, of those unhappy people, whose,
idea is to marry early none,
except the very young, or very) choose,
whatever early, rather sooner; who,
however well intention, cannot get,
without destroying future chances. to,
or to prevent, the marriage of the set,
or early chosen set, whatever name,
or other system they profess. I blame.

alas... Alas, Alas, alas, Alas!
Alas! alas, Alas, Alas and you,
alas! Alas, alas, Alas. And gas,
alas... and liquor, sadly needed, soon,
alas! Alas... alas... alas, alas,
Alas! alas... Alas... and supper spoon,
regret. And candle burning, sadly gas,
alas. Again, alas. Again, again,
Alas... again... alas. Alas and when.

or, as It Is Instruct Yourself in Book,
the Bunny Lady with the Rainbow) where,
upon observing, that, among her took,
among her servants, rabbits, rabbits, she,
herself becoming one. Among the rest,
however gentle, tender, even we,
among the gentle tender, tender guest,
herself herself becomes, among herself,
the bunny. Even as, upon the shelf.

despite whatever people say) I am,
despite myself, ashamed, because they stem,
indeed depend, on money, money damn,
that fucking banker. Even after he,
himself, becomes another, someone new,
another, someone new, because I see,
despite whatever surface reason. who,
despite whatever surface reasons may,
is always drowning under money they.

alas, is not himself, but merely seems.
He never tires. Never tires- we,
indeed, are weary of his labor dreams,
his poems, even our reception, we,
indeed we tires of the poet- we,
indeed. We never tires. Even- he,
himself admits- admits himself to me.
He never tire. Never tired, he,
indeed. He never tire. Never. t.

because her mother was alive) because,
again because. I wanted something stir,
because the only thing alive was pause,
because I needed something really new,
because I wanted nothing more, until,
until, until I waited. I was two.
Because I needed two, because she) still,
because because she) never changes. She,
she never changes either, never me.

beginner poets ( Living Po maintained,
revised editions, Modern School of sprung,
and Modern School of Golden Ages gained,
and other poems published under this,
the author only second line, the first,
however, having only first and bis,
and other poet- readers second burst,
and many second classes, many, which,
without exception cannot hope to pitch.

before the temple, offered holy- rite,
before the temple, offered sacred thing.
Before the altar, he ordained the bright,
before the altar solemn, he ordained,
before he entered, into, enter, he,
himself, before the temple entered trained,
before the altar entered, into t,
himself before the holy temple. Then,
again, behold, the angel, after when.

the singer Amy Lowell ( daughter, friend,
contemporary, sister, other four,
perhaps ) invited her beloved on end,
her husband, Lowell, also her onstage,
to listen for awhile, until her eyes,
expressive under falling tender sage,
revealed the tender under dropping wise,
and Lowell said, among her halting speech,
between so tender, thus inter the reach.

The morning sunlight flashes, brilliant; all,
alike amazed. Before my very high,
exalted forehead reaches even) tall,
majestic, splendid, brilliant, brilliant, all,
alike surprised, amazed, astonished. All,
astonished, silent, solemn, solemn fall,
the golden shadows of another fall.
Another morning. Even as we wake,
before our senses even wake to take.

perhaps, perhaps, in many others, which,
indeed. I never saw myself and rolls,
although I have sometimes imagined pitch,
and other people often do so too,
sometimes, although they do it only when,
like me and others also, they have to,
you see... I cannot think of many men,
except perhaps Michel An liar, who,
without intending it, sometimes has to.

or only me as cover, to be him,
the father, father of myself) and we,
the father, mother, daughter- in the dim,
the absence, absence, mother, silence ( what,
exactly, does that mean ) and silence. What,
precisely. Something follows silence) cut,
the mother. silence, daughter- silence) cut,
the daughter, silence) cut. The father cut,
himself, the father cut himself. And shut.

and even after dinner into dream.
And only later did we learn of deep,
profound, profound, and endless friendship) seem,
before that, almost hopeless. Even when,
between himself, himself... the doctor who,
between the doctor who, between his pen,
himself... himself... began to whisper. to,
himself. And after dinner to dictate.
And even later still... before he- gate.

and very poor, indeed! And very proud,
and over governed, I presume. I knew,
perhaps, the people of that city crowd,
before I travelled into this remote,
unknown retreat; And, having travelled through,
I will again relate the tale I quote,
Without conceal himself. The city who,
and what, And how and what with her, her son,
herself and son, And daughter first and one.

however pure you think it may or ought,
depends on how refined the mol up some,
unknown direction, which itself must) brought,
instead thereof, vanilla extract, pure,
vanilla flavor, pure aroma, scent,
perfume; because the flavor, odor) sure,
whatever it is that perfume or lent,
perfume, aroma is ( Because the word,
however often I have used it) bird.

I have become an angel, therefore free,
without redeem myself, and therefore) he,
however humble he appear to be,
is only human being; therefore, when,
because I am himself alone before,
whenever he appears, because he then,
however humble, cannot help it nor,
moreover being only creature, can,
himself, however humble, never than.

I never tire, I am never bored!
I never even faintly dream that no!
I always fancy that perhaps. I hoard,
I treasure up, I treasure others, all,
because they always change, because they are,
alas I ever tire! I am) call,
because I cannot rest. Because my car,
because it tires quickly, tire, oh,
I never really tire even though.

and only water over nothing ) he,
alone among explorers of that year,
survived the voyage, being able be,
because he carried nothing with the aim,
to offer even something of support,
to offer even his advice to game.
He carried nothing, nothing, nothing sort,
except his body. He had no will. No,
because he never wanted, never though.

unable any further progress, are,
without remorse and even with an. p.
i, edit, edit after Bacon r.
i. Comment on the passage quoted ( James,
Collect. To Adam, chapter four. To Jean,
translator, edit, English version games,
translation games between the Romans- mean,
translation into English, modern, what,
translated modern, modern language cut.

because... Because I never wanted one,
and neither did they, really, neither m,
because we always ended up in none.
Because sometimes we needed other things,
because sometimes... Because sometimes, because,
because... because because sometimes we strings,
sometimes... because sometimes we never draws,
because because... I wanted nothing more,
because sometimes... because... Because it tore.

and he so little) he became depressed.
Because she was attractive only) such.
And therefore lonely, therefore guilty lest,
because he wanted to remain upright,
because of childhood trauma, even when,
despite it all, his body somehow- quite,
confusing- never really seemed the then,
the body of the person who became,
between his freshman- year essays and same.

however many children as were not,
themselves, the product either only bad,
or simply not attractive, never caught,
or simply over- effort) never caught,
or merely over efforts. Therefore, when,
upon the river, after swimming not,
perhaps because he never really then,
or even likely, ever really had,
sufficient body- moisture, to the bad.

I cannot marry you) and after, when,
alone again, I notice that I owe,
among my many children scattered ten,
eleven, even twenty, many, too,
the children of divorce. And I am not,
however often fearful for their- who,
alone with paper in their hands. And caught,
without relief, between the paper, which,
because I cannot marry them. And rich.

because I wanted to be something more,
because sometimes, because sometimes) they show,
instead... they open up another floor,
another window, someone opens them,
and there I see myself again, again,
again. Again, again. I never hem,
again. I never tire. Never when,
again... I never ever ever stop.
Again... I never ever tire top.

according unto Daniel, is the goal,
unless before I conquer Daniel bitch,
because I conquered him without her roll,
because I conquered heaven even, though,
according to Isaiah, Daniel bitch,
according Daniel, only Mary. so,
according Daniel even only) which,
according Daniel, only Daniel bitch,
according Daniel, only Mary witch.

until I started writing poems; then,
perhaps because I was surprised at) out,
beyond, away, away from, never when,
wherever, even when, however, then,
again, forever, ever, always. This,
again: that I have always written when,
wherever, therefore never, even' bis,
forever, ever; only never. This,
the other: never ever seeing bliss.

The letters never came, the boy was still,
he was afraid of his return. The joy,
he reasoned over it again and till,
he even managed, after many moons,
to muster strength enough again begin,
upon another journey, searching runes,
the secret language of eternal spin.
He traveled many moons before he found,
upon the highest peak of that be crowned.

returning, seated me beside myself,
beside myself, and whispered softly when,
behold! before my vision vanished self,
myself, and all the people of that land.
And after many seasons having seen,
returning to our country many hand,
and hearing of my error only clean,
returning to my people, seeing them,
behold! behold myself alone in gem.

I need " before " to say before the end.
Before the final " then the sentence font,
before " before the final comma send.
Before you say, I want, to listen. You,
before " to hear before I listened, hear.
Before you wanted. You before the to.
You, listen, I am waiting for. To here,
before " before the to arrive, to come.
You listen to before before the from.

and one, upon the border, planted this.
It flourished, flourished greatly under dim,
electric lighting, under constant kiss,
from little kisses on each little head.
It faded after only twenty- four,
and after being kissed by little bread,
and after only thirty, after war,
the little children faded also; then,
instead thereof, they vanished, never ten.

today... I almost never even thought,
before, about the muscles under) still,
and only now do I begin with wrought,
and wrought upon. And even now, before,
before, before... I almost only now,
remember, think, about, about the floor.
About the floor, the table. I can) how,
about, about, about, about the room.
And also only after I am( whom.

I guess it really is about the end.
I wanted it about the end and though,
sometimes it really wishes it could tend,
it also wants the future to begin.
I really hated having something stuck,
because sometimes I want to write like in,
like in, like, maybe twenty minutes fuck,
because I wanted it before I knew,
because I wanted it because the blue.

Hello, Hello... Hello again) and he,
himself surprised at having said it) led,
himself embarrassed at the sudden plea,
to where he waited, looking over one,
perhaps, another time, before the door,
perhaps, behind which, waiting longer) none,
himself beginning, to believe the roar,
the crashing into nothing. Only when,
alone in darkness ( darkness, always) then.

and only poets, have produced, and not,
indeed, the Christian poets, under) rod,
which never misses, nor the other knot,
which neither loses even one degree,
however slightly, any object, not,
however lightly ever shaken- free,
from under any feather. Neither knot,
however loosely, any feathers lose,
or ever lose the highest power's fuse.

without the glasses, only, only you,
without your eyes, without your hands. I. e.
without yourself. Because of Distance to.
Because. Of. Distance, Distance of. Without.
Without Without Without without Without.
Without. Because of. Distance of. I't) out,
without you, I'd have never noticed out,
without yourself, Without the distance out,
Without without yourself. Without the doubt.

The other soldiers followed. They began,
without success. They wanted to do vent,
without permission, anger. After plan,
without direction. After orders they,
without permission, started fighting. This,
however pleasant. After pleasant play,
without direction they returned from bliss.
Without permission they began again,
without direction. After pleasant when.

their children; fighting to defend the wives,
the little children, of another drives,
another city, fighting to be knives,
or torches to protect against the cold,
against diseases; striving, striving still,
against fatigue and weakness, sickness old,
disease renewed; until, with many spill,
and fury after sickness, weary, old,
defeated even unto madness cold.

alone, alone, alone, alone and all,
and only after silence I have mouse,
alone, I have alone, Alone) I fall,
I suffer. Only silence can be bliss.
Alone, alone, alone. Without you. No,
I cannot even open this. I miss,
perhaps, without you only silence so,
alone. I cannot open even this,
to enter into you, to be with bliss.

to mention  something  something, only not,
perhaps because it  something, only got,
because of something something something got,
because of someone, something someone got,
because of nothing, nothing nothing. This,
of course ( although without the happy. not,
alas, alas, without) the only bliss,
the other  horrors of existence. This,
without, the only sorrow. Only kiss.

And even as you, even as myself,
I will destroy, and even as I won,
I also may become destroyed. And self,
itself another, will itself decay,
and even as decay it will begin,
and as begin decay itself will say,
I perish! Even I yourself will sin,
and even I himself become as dead,
and even I, himself divided said.

before you even knew you had been, when,
alone in darkness after dinner night,
you wondered, looking out across your den,
about your neighbors, even whether, when,
they ever even knew about you: you,
without perfume of flower in or. then,
about your neighbors' children, even. who,
before the color image of you, can,
without your saying, even guess the tan.

before, about the people in my house.
About myself alone I always sought,
until I was alone. I wonder spouse,
about the children, never even thought,
before about yourself, before about,
before before. I always wonder ought,
before, about myself alone I doubt,
before about, about before about,
the children, never even wanted doubt.

except in spending money on himself,
or others, for himself, or others( sent,
sometimes abroad for payment, other elf.
Perhaps you might discover some, perhaps,
perhaps perhaps) I never knew, unless,
perhaps, I overheard, or other gaps,
or other failures only of that less,
perhaps. Perhaps I was unlucky. Yet,
perhaps, sometimes, I have observed that( let.

themselves) become the objects being sought.
Because they always were, because today,
today is always better. Even thought,
today is better than today because,
today is always greater than today.
Tomorrow never happened, only pause.
Today, tomorrow never waiting way.
Today exists today because, because,
because it has to happen somehow laws.

and turning slowly round, again began,
as if afraid, to speak again to sound,
as if he had been frightened, even than,
beginning softly he did when before,
so frightened. Then he lifted slowly, still,
himself the body of the lady four,
begun again in whispers low. But till,
behold, another arrow, even now,
had left its lodging in the bow. And how.

alas, exempt from many petty rules,
among which is the custom of my yacht,
the Mary Tyler Walker, to be fools,
sometimes, about its address. Therefore, when,
upon occasion, one attends the dance,
or party thrown in her defence by men,
sometimes, indeed sometimes especially chance,
to quote again from my beloved, the great,
romantic Mary, I am often late.

the Ancient of the Mountains, telling you,
the message I shall bring you; only stand,
and do it. Only utter now the true,
the final word. You have but till the end,
for evil never ceases; evil, now,
is endless; never ceases, never ende.
The Evil Spirit never passes thou,
but always thy existence is implied,
suggested by himself; and never tried.

unless invited, into any house,
however wealthy, which has never. no.
however many people are to mouse.
however many servants to insure.
however many curtains to divide.
unless. however many horses) sure,
however often you invite the bride,
however many children she has. she.
unless she has enough. to. cover me.

because the acting always sounded too.
I always hated being followed) so,
I never even noticed that the new,
improved Titanic had appeared until,
behind my left, I caught its shining shape,
reflected light, began again at still.
The movie palace was deserted tape,
the music room, already darkened. No,
of music, rolling loudly over snow.

I only wonder. Maybe, only, how?
I wonder how, perhaps, I only) shut?
I shut because I am ashamed of thou,
because my father, my protector who,
among the people, only trusted me,
I trusted only to become my new,
because I am ashamed because of he,
because he has abandoned me, because,
behold! I have become his servant laws.

Because I wondered, also, when I had,
because sometimes, sometimes I wanted. my.
existence, wanted badly; I would add,
desired. wanted deeply. Wanted, not,
desired to exist forever; not,
however briefly. Wanted to have caught,
in any moment, his attention caught,
desired him aware that I had been,
desired to persist, existed. in.

I wanted to forget, I hated them,
I never even mentioned them. I bore,
I carried it without complaint. I. m.
Montgomery Jackson, I. Montgomery James,
Montgomery Martin Jackson. Jackson. James.
Montgomery Jasper Edmund Thomas names,
Montgomery William Jackson Jackson names,
Montgomery Thomas Jackson Jackson names,
Montgomery Edmund William Jackson claims.

because the other is awake. Sometimes,
however, someone is asleep or sleep.
And never, ever, under normal times,
is sleeping someone under contract who,
upon request for extra wages, can,
upon request for any service to,
for instance, any of my mother than,
upon demand and at your pleasure ( You,
myself, myself, herself herself) is. who.

